---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_connections Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Connections DataSource
---

# airbyte_connections (Data Source)

Connections DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_connections" "my_connections" {
  include_deleted = true
  limit           = 34
  offset          = 1
  tag_ids = [
    "05db8e59-424e-49ea-80ce-1db6a74f3dfc"
  ]
  workspace_ids = [
    "a31bb8f4-e5b5-4dc9-bf1e-872e426f3223"
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `include_deleted` (Boolean) Include deleted connections in the returned results.
- `limit` (Number) Set the limit on the number of Connections returned. The default is 20.
- `offset` (Number) Set the offset to start at when returning Connections. The default is 0
- `tag_ids` (List of String) The UUIDs of the tags you wish to list connections for. Empty list will retrieve all connections.
- `workspace_ids` (List of String) The UUIDs of the workspaces you wish to list connections for. Empty list will retrieve all allowed workspaces.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `next` (String)
- `previous` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `configurations` (Attributes) A list of configured stream options for a connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--configurations))
- `connection_id` (String)
- `created_at` (Number)
- `destination_id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace_definition` (String) Define the location where the data will be stored in the destination
- `namespace_format` (String)
- `non_breaking_schema_updates_behavior` (String) Set how Airbyte handles syncs when it detects a non-breaking schema change in the source
- `prefix` (String)
- `schedule` (Attributes) schedule for when the the connection should run, per the schedule type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--schedule))
- `source_id` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--tags))
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--data--configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.configurations`

Read-Only:

- `streams` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--configurations--streams))

<a id="nestedatt--data--configurations--streams"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.configurations.streams`

Read-Only:

- `cursor_field` (List of String) Path to the field that will be used to determine if a record is new or modified since the last sync. This field is REQUIRED if `sync_mode` is `incremental` unless there is a default.
- `destination_object_name` (String) The name of the destination object that this stream will be written to, used for data activation destinations.
- `include_files` (Boolean) Whether to move raw files from the source to the destination during the sync.
- `mappers` (Attributes List) Mappers that should be applied to the stream before writing to the destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the stream.
- `primary_key` (List of List of String) Paths to the fields that will be used as primary key. This field is REQUIRED if `destination_sync_mode` is `*_dedup` unless it is already supplied by the source schema.
- `selected_fields` (Attributes List) Paths to the fields that will be included in the configured catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--selected_fields))
- `sync_mode` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.configurations.streams.mappers`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `mapper_configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the mapper. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers--mapper_configuration))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers--mapper_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.configurations.streams.mappers.mapper_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `encryption` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers--mapper_configuration--encryption))
- `field_renaming` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers--mapper_configuration--field_renaming))
- `hashing` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers--mapper_configuration--hashing))
- `row_filtering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers--mapper_configuration--row_filtering))

<a id="nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers--mapper_configuration--encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.configurations.streams.mappers.mapper_configuration.encryption`

Read-Only:

- `aes` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers--mapper_configuration--encryption--aes))
- `rsa` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers--mapper_configuration--encryption--rsa))

<a id="nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers--mapper_configuration--encryption--aes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.configurations.streams.mappers.mapper_configuration.encryption.aes`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String)
- `field_name_suffix` (String)
- `key` (String, Sensitive)
- `mode` (String)
- `padding` (String)
- `target_field` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers--mapper_configuration--encryption--rsa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.configurations.streams.mappers.mapper_configuration.encryption.rsa`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String)
- `field_name_suffix` (String)
- `public_key` (String)
- `target_field` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers--mapper_configuration--field_renaming"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.configurations.streams.mappers.mapper_configuration.field_renaming`

Read-Only:

- `new_field_name` (String) The new name for the field after renaming.
- `original_field_name` (String) The current name of the field to rename.


<a id="nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers--mapper_configuration--hashing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.configurations.streams.mappers.mapper_configuration.hashing`

Read-Only:

- `field_name_suffix` (String) The suffix to append to the field name after hashing.
- `method` (String) The hashing algorithm to use.
- `target_field` (String) The name of the field to be hashed.


<a id="nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--mappers--mapper_configuration--row_filtering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.configurations.streams.mappers.mapper_configuration.row_filtering`

Read-Only:

- `conditions` (String) Parsed as JSON.




<a id="nestedatt--data--configurations--streams--selected_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.configurations.streams.selected_fields`

Read-Only:

- `field_path` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--data--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.schedule`

Read-Only:

- `basic_timing` (String)
- `cron_expression` (String)
- `schedule_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--data--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.tags`

Read-Only:

- `color` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `tag_id` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)
