---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_destination_firebolt Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DestinationFirebolt DataSource
---

# airbyte_destination_firebolt (Data Source)

DestinationFirebolt DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_destination_firebolt" "my_destination_firebolt" {
  destination_id = "...my_destinationId..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination_id` (String)

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `account` (String) Firebolt account to login.
- `database` (String) The database to connect to.
- `destination_type` (String) must be one of [firebolt]
- `engine` (String) Engine name or url to connect to.
- `host` (String) The host name of your Firebolt database.
- `loading_method` (Attributes) Loading method used to select the way data will be uploaded to Firebolt (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--loading_method))
- `password` (String) Firebolt password.
- `username` (String) Firebolt email address you use to login.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--loading_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.loading_method`

Read-Only:

- `destination_firebolt_loading_method_external_table_via_s3` (Attributes) Loading method used to select the way data will be uploaded to Firebolt (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--destination_firebolt_loading_method_external_table_via_s3))
- `destination_firebolt_loading_method_sql_inserts` (Attributes) Loading method used to select the way data will be uploaded to Firebolt (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--destination_firebolt_loading_method_sql_inserts))
- `destination_firebolt_update_loading_method_external_table_via_s3` (Attributes) Loading method used to select the way data will be uploaded to Firebolt (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--destination_firebolt_update_loading_method_external_table_via_s3))
- `destination_firebolt_update_loading_method_sql_inserts` (Attributes) Loading method used to select the way data will be uploaded to Firebolt (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--destination_firebolt_update_loading_method_sql_inserts))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--destination_firebolt_loading_method_external_table_via_s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.loading_method.destination_firebolt_loading_method_external_table_via_s3`

Read-Only:

- `aws_key_id` (String) AWS access key granting read and write access to S3.
- `aws_key_secret` (String) Corresponding secret part of the AWS Key
- `method` (String) must be one of [S3]
- `s3_bucket` (String) The name of the S3 bucket.
- `s3_region` (String) Region name of the S3 bucket.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--destination_firebolt_loading_method_sql_inserts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.loading_method.destination_firebolt_loading_method_sql_inserts`

Read-Only:

- `method` (String) must be one of [SQL]


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--destination_firebolt_update_loading_method_external_table_via_s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.loading_method.destination_firebolt_update_loading_method_external_table_via_s3`

Read-Only:

- `aws_key_id` (String) AWS access key granting read and write access to S3.
- `aws_key_secret` (String) Corresponding secret part of the AWS Key
- `method` (String) must be one of [S3]
- `s3_bucket` (String) The name of the S3 bucket.
- `s3_region` (String) Region name of the S3 bucket.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--destination_firebolt_update_loading_method_sql_inserts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.loading_method.destination_firebolt_update_loading_method_sql_inserts`

Read-Only:

- `method` (String) must be one of [SQL]


