---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_jira Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceJira DataSource
---

# airbyte_source_jira (Data Source)

SourceJira DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_source_jira" "my_source_jira" {
  secret_id = "...my_secret_id..."
  source_id = "...my_source_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `api_token` (String) Jira API Token. See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/jira">docs</a> for more information on how to generate this key. API Token is used for Authorization to your account by BasicAuth.
- `domain` (String) The Domain for your Jira account, e.g. airbyteio.atlassian.net, airbyteio.jira.com, jira.your-domain.com
- `email` (String) The user email for your Jira account which you used to generate the API token. This field is used for Authorization to your account by BasicAuth.
- `enable_experimental_streams` (Boolean) Default: false
Allow the use of experimental streams which rely on undocumented Jira API endpoints. See https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/jira#experimental-tables for more info.
- `expand_issue_changelog` (Boolean) Default: false
Expand the changelog when replicating issues.
- `projects` (List of String) List of Jira project keys to replicate data for, or leave it empty if you want to replicate data for all projects.
- `render_fields` (Boolean) Default: false
Render issue fields in HTML format in addition to Jira JSON-like format.
- `start_date` (String) The date from which you want to replicate data from Jira, use the format YYYY-MM-DDT00:00:00Z. Note that this field only applies to certain streams, and only data generated on or after the start date will be replicated. Or leave it empty if you want to replicate all data. For more information, refer to the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/jira/">documentation</a>.


