---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_lever_hiring Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceLeverHiring DataSource
---

# airbyte_source_lever_hiring (Data Source)

SourceLeverHiring DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_source_lever_hiring" "my_source_leverhiring" {
  secret_id = "...my_secret_id..."
  source_id = "...my_source_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `credentials` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate to Lever Hiring. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `environment` (String) must be one of ["Production", "Sandbox"]
The environment in which you'd like to replicate data for Lever. This is used to determine which Lever API endpoint to use.
- `source_type` (String) must be one of ["lever-hiring"]
- `start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2017-01-25T00:00:00Z. Any data before this date will not be replicated. Note that it will be used only in the following incremental streams: comments, commits, and issues.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Read-Only:

- `source_lever_hiring_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_api_key` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate to Lever Hiring. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_lever_hiring_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_api_key))
- `source_lever_hiring_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_o_auth` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate to Lever Hiring. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_lever_hiring_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_o_auth))
- `source_lever_hiring_update_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_api_key` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate to Lever Hiring. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_lever_hiring_update_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_api_key))
- `source_lever_hiring_update_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_o_auth` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate to Lever Hiring. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_lever_hiring_update_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_o_auth))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_lever_hiring_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_lever_hiring_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_api_key`

Read-Only:

- `api_key` (String) The Api Key of your Lever Hiring account.
- `auth_type` (String) must be one of ["Api Key"]


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_lever_hiring_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_o_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_lever_hiring_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_o_auth`

Read-Only:

- `auth_type` (String) must be one of ["Client"]
- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of your Lever Hiring developer application.
- `client_secret` (String) The Client Secret of your Lever Hiring developer application.
- `refresh_token` (String) The token for obtaining new access token.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_lever_hiring_update_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_lever_hiring_update_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_api_key`

Read-Only:

- `api_key` (String) The Api Key of your Lever Hiring account.
- `auth_type` (String) must be one of ["Api Key"]


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_lever_hiring_update_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_o_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_lever_hiring_update_authentication_mechanism_authenticate_via_lever_o_auth`

Read-Only:

- `auth_type` (String) must be one of ["Client"]
- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of your Lever Hiring developer application.
- `client_secret` (String) The Client Secret of your Lever Hiring developer application.
- `refresh_token` (String) The token for obtaining new access token.


