---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_hubspot Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceHubspot DataSource
---

# airbyte_source_hubspot (Data Source)

SourceHubspot DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_source_hubspot" "my_source_hubspot" {
  secret_id = "...my_secret_id..."
  source_id = "...my_source_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `credentials` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate to HubSpot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `source_type` (String) must be one of ["hubspot"]
- `start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2017-01-25T00:00:00Z. Any data before this date will not be replicated.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Read-Only:

- `source_hubspot_authentication_o_auth` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate to HubSpot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_hubspot_authentication_o_auth))
- `source_hubspot_authentication_private_app` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate to HubSpot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_hubspot_authentication_private_app))
- `source_hubspot_update_authentication_o_auth` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate to HubSpot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_hubspot_update_authentication_o_auth))
- `source_hubspot_update_authentication_private_app` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate to HubSpot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_hubspot_update_authentication_private_app))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_hubspot_authentication_o_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_hubspot_authentication_o_auth`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of your HubSpot developer application. See the <a href="https://legacydocs.hubspot.com/docs/methods/oauth2/oauth2-quickstart">Hubspot docs</a> if you need help finding this ID.
- `client_secret` (String) The client secret for your HubSpot developer application. See the <a href="https://legacydocs.hubspot.com/docs/methods/oauth2/oauth2-quickstart">Hubspot docs</a> if you need help finding this secret.
- `credentials_title` (String) must be one of ["OAuth Credentials"]
Name of the credentials
- `refresh_token` (String) Refresh token to renew an expired access token. See the <a href="https://legacydocs.hubspot.com/docs/methods/oauth2/oauth2-quickstart">Hubspot docs</a> if you need help finding this token.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_hubspot_authentication_private_app"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_hubspot_authentication_private_app`

Read-Only:

- `access_token` (String) HubSpot Access token. See the <a href="https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api/private-apps">Hubspot docs</a> if you need help finding this token.
- `credentials_title` (String) must be one of ["Private App Credentials"]
Name of the credentials set


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_hubspot_update_authentication_o_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_hubspot_update_authentication_o_auth`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of your HubSpot developer application. See the <a href="https://legacydocs.hubspot.com/docs/methods/oauth2/oauth2-quickstart">Hubspot docs</a> if you need help finding this ID.
- `client_secret` (String) The client secret for your HubSpot developer application. See the <a href="https://legacydocs.hubspot.com/docs/methods/oauth2/oauth2-quickstart">Hubspot docs</a> if you need help finding this secret.
- `credentials_title` (String) must be one of ["OAuth Credentials"]
Name of the credentials
- `refresh_token` (String) Refresh token to renew an expired access token. See the <a href="https://legacydocs.hubspot.com/docs/methods/oauth2/oauth2-quickstart">Hubspot docs</a> if you need help finding this token.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_hubspot_update_authentication_private_app"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_hubspot_update_authentication_private_app`

Read-Only:

- `access_token` (String) HubSpot Access token. See the <a href="https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api/private-apps">Hubspot docs</a> if you need help finding this token.
- `credentials_title` (String) must be one of ["Private App Credentials"]
Name of the credentials set


