---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_linkedin_ads Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceLinkedinAds DataSource
---

# airbyte_source_linkedin_ads (Data Source)

SourceLinkedinAds DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_source_linkedin_ads" "my_source_linkedinads" {
  secret_id = "...my_secret_id..."
  source_id = "...my_source_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `account_ids` (List of Number) Specify the account IDs separated by a space, to pull the data from. Leave empty, if you want to pull the data from all associated accounts. See the <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/a424270/find-linkedin-ads-account-details?lang=en">LinkedIn Ads docs</a> for more info.
- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `source_type` (String) must be one of ["linkedin-ads"]
- `start_date` (String) UTC date in the format 2020-09-17. Any data before this date will not be replicated.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Read-Only:

- `source_linkedin_ads_authentication_access_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_linkedin_ads_authentication_access_token))
- `source_linkedin_ads_authentication_o_auth2_0` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_linkedin_ads_authentication_o_auth2_0))
- `source_linkedin_ads_update_authentication_access_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_linkedin_ads_update_authentication_access_token))
- `source_linkedin_ads_update_authentication_o_auth2_0` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_linkedin_ads_update_authentication_o_auth2_0))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_linkedin_ads_authentication_access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_linkedin_ads_authentication_access_token`

Read-Only:

- `access_token` (String) The token value generated using the authentication code. See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/linkedin-ads#authentication">docs</a> to obtain yours.
- `auth_method` (String) must be one of ["access_token"]


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_linkedin_ads_authentication_o_auth2_0"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_linkedin_ads_authentication_o_auth2_0`

Read-Only:

- `auth_method` (String) must be one of ["oAuth2.0"]
- `client_id` (String) The client ID of the LinkedIn Ads developer application.
- `client_secret` (String) The client secret the LinkedIn Ads developer application.
- `refresh_token` (String) The key to refresh the expired access token.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_linkedin_ads_update_authentication_access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_linkedin_ads_update_authentication_access_token`

Read-Only:

- `access_token` (String) The token value generated using the authentication code. See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/linkedin-ads#authentication">docs</a> to obtain yours.
- `auth_method` (String) must be one of ["access_token"]


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_linkedin_ads_update_authentication_o_auth2_0"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_linkedin_ads_update_authentication_o_auth2_0`

Read-Only:

- `auth_method` (String) must be one of ["oAuth2.0"]
- `client_id` (String) The client ID of the LinkedIn Ads developer application.
- `client_secret` (String) The client secret the LinkedIn Ads developer application.
- `refresh_token` (String) The key to refresh the expired access token.


