---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_salesforce_singer Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceSalesforceSinger DataSource
---

# airbyte_source_salesforce_singer (Data Source)

SourceSalesforceSinger DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_source_salesforce_singer" "my_source_salesforcesinger" {
  secret_id = "...my_secret_id..."
  source_id = "...my_source_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `api_type` (String) must be one of ["BULK", "REST"]
Unless you know that you are transferring a very small amount of data, prefer using the BULK API. This will help avoid using up all of your API call quota with Salesforce. Valid values are BULK or REST.
- `client_id` (String) The Consumer Key that can be found when viewing your app in Salesforce
- `client_secret` (String) The Consumer Secret that can be found when viewing your app in Salesforce
- `is_sandbox` (Boolean) Whether or not the the app is in a Salesforce sandbox. If you do not know what this, assume it is false. We provide more info on this field in the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.io/integrations/destinations/salesforce#is_sandbox">docs</a>.
- `quota_percent_per_run` (Number) determines the maximum allowed API quota percentage the connector is allowed to consume per sync job
- `quota_percent_total` (Number) Determines the maximum allowed API quota percentage the connector is allowed to consume at any time
- `refresh_token` (String) Salesforce Refresh Token used for Airbyte to access your Salesforce account. If you don't know what this is, follow this <a href="https://medium.com/@bpmmendis94/obtain-access-refresh-tokens-from-salesforce-rest-api-a324fe4ccd9b">guide</a> to retrieve it.
- `source_type` (String) must be one of ["salesforce-singer"]
- `start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2017-01-25T00:00:00Z. Any data before this date will not be replicated.


