---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_google_ads Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceGoogleAds DataSource
---

# airbyte_source_google_ads (Data Source)

SourceGoogleAds DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_source_google_ads" "my_source_googleads" {
  secret_id = "...my_secret_id..."
  source_id = "...my_source_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `conversion_window_days` (Number) A conversion window is the number of days after an ad interaction (such as an ad click or video view) during which a conversion, such as a purchase, is recorded in Google Ads. For more information, see <a href="https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/3123169?hl=en">Google's documentation</a>.
- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `custom_queries` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--custom_queries))
- `customer_id` (String) Comma-separated list of (client) customer IDs. Each customer ID must be specified as a 10-digit number without dashes. For detailed instructions on finding this value, refer to our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/google-ads#setup-guide">documentation</a>.
- `end_date` (String) UTC date in the format YYYY-MM-DD. Any data after this date will not be replicated.
- `login_customer_id` (String) If your access to the customer account is through a manager account, this field is required, and must be set to the 10-digit customer ID of the manager account. For more information about this field, refer to <a href="https://developers.google.com/google-ads/api/docs/concepts/call-structure#cid">Google's documentation</a>.
- `source_type` (String) must be one of ["google-ads"]
- `start_date` (String) UTC date in the format YYYY-MM-DD. Any data before this date will not be replicated.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Read-Only:

- `access_token` (String) The Access Token for making authenticated requests. For detailed instructions on finding this value, refer to our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/google-ads#setup-guide">documentation</a>.
- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of your Google Ads developer application. For detailed instructions on finding this value, refer to our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/google-ads#setup-guide">documentation</a>.
- `client_secret` (String) The Client Secret of your Google Ads developer application. For detailed instructions on finding this value, refer to our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/google-ads#setup-guide">documentation</a>.
- `developer_token` (String) The Developer Token granted by Google to use their APIs. For detailed instructions on finding this value, refer to our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/google-ads#setup-guide">documentation</a>.
- `refresh_token` (String) The token used to obtain a new Access Token. For detailed instructions on finding this value, refer to our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/google-ads#setup-guide">documentation</a>.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--custom_queries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.custom_queries`

Read-Only:

- `query` (String) A custom defined GAQL query for building the report. Avoid including the segments.date field; wherever possible, Airbyte will automatically include it for incremental syncs. For more information, refer to <a href="https://developers.google.com/google-ads/api/fields/v11/overview_query_builder">Google's documentation</a>.
- `table_name` (String) The table name in your destination database for the chosen query.


