---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_pocket Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourcePocket DataSource
---

# airbyte_source_pocket (Data Source)

SourcePocket DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_source_pocket" "my_source_pocket" {
  secret_id = "...my_secret_id..."
  source_id = "...my_source_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `access_token` (String) The user's Pocket access token.
- `consumer_key` (String) Your application's Consumer Key.
- `content_type` (String) must be one of ["article", "video", "image"]
Select the content type of the items to retrieve.
- `detail_type` (String) must be one of ["simple", "complete"]
Select the granularity of the information about each item.
- `domain` (String) Only return items from a particular `domain`.
- `favorite` (Boolean) Default: false
Retrieve only favorited items.
- `search` (String) Only return items whose title or url contain the `search` string.
- `since` (String) Only return items modified since the given timestamp.
- `sort` (String) must be one of ["newest", "oldest", "title", "site"]
Sort retrieved items by the given criteria.
- `state` (String) must be one of ["unread", "archive", "all"]
Select the state of the items to retrieve.
- `tag` (String) Return only items tagged with this tag name. Use _untagged_ for retrieving only untagged items.


