---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_orb Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceOrb DataSource
---

# airbyte_source_orb (Data Source)

SourceOrb DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_source_orb" "my_source_orb" {
  secret_id = "...my_secretId..."
  source_id = "...my_sourceId..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `api_key` (String) Orb API Key, issued from the Orb admin console.
- `lookback_window_days` (Number) When set to N, the connector will always refresh resources created within the past N days. By default, updated objects that are not newly created are not incrementally synced.
- `numeric_event_properties_keys` (List of String) Property key names to extract from all events, in order to enrich ledger entries corresponding to an event deduction.
- `plan_id` (String) Orb Plan ID to filter subscriptions that should have usage fetched.
- `source_type` (String) must be one of [orb]
- `start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2022-03-01T00:00:00Z. Any data with created_at before this data will not be synced. For Subscription Usage, this becomes the `timeframe_start` API parameter.
- `string_event_properties_keys` (List of String) Property key names to extract from all events, in order to enrich ledger entries corresponding to an event deduction.
- `subscription_usage_grouping_key` (String) Property key name to group subscription usage by.


