---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_bing_ads Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceBingAds DataSource
---

# airbyte_source_bing_ads (Data Source)

SourceBingAds DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_source_bing_ads" "my_source_bingads" {
  secret_id = "...my_secret_id..."
  source_id = "...my_source_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `auth_method` (String) must be one of ["oauth2.0"]
- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of your Microsoft Advertising developer application.
- `client_secret` (String) The Client Secret of your Microsoft Advertising developer application.
- `developer_token` (String) Developer token associated with user. See more info <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/get-started?view=bingads-13#get-developer-token"> in the docs</a>.
- `lookback_window` (Number) Also known as attribution or conversion window. How far into the past to look for records (in days). If your conversion window has an hours/minutes granularity, round it up to the number of days exceeding. Used only for performance report streams in incremental mode.
- `refresh_token` (String) Refresh Token to renew the expired Access Token.
- `reports_start_date` (String) The start date from which to begin replicating report data. Any data generated before this date will not be replicated in reports. This is a UTC date in YYYY-MM-DD format.
- `source_type` (String) must be one of ["bing-ads"]
- `tenant_id` (String) The Tenant ID of your Microsoft Advertising developer application. Set this to "common" unless you know you need a different value.


