---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_snowflake Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceSnowflake DataSource
---

# airbyte_source_snowflake (Data Source)

SourceSnowflake DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_source_snowflake" "my_source_snowflake" {
  secret_id = "...my_secret_id..."
  source_id = "...my_source_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `database` (String) The database you created for Airbyte to access data.
- `host` (String) The host domain of the snowflake instance (must include the account, region, cloud environment, and end with snowflakecomputing.com).
- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database formatted as 'key=value' pairs separated by the symbol '&'. (example: key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3).
- `role` (String) The role you created for Airbyte to access Snowflake.
- `schema` (String) The source Snowflake schema tables. Leave empty to access tables from multiple schemas.
- `source_type` (String) must be one of ["snowflake"]
- `warehouse` (String) The warehouse you created for Airbyte to access data.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Read-Only:

- `source_snowflake_authorization_method_o_auth2_0` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_snowflake_authorization_method_o_auth2_0))
- `source_snowflake_authorization_method_username_and_password` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_snowflake_authorization_method_username_and_password))
- `source_snowflake_update_authorization_method_o_auth2_0` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_snowflake_update_authorization_method_o_auth2_0))
- `source_snowflake_update_authorization_method_username_and_password` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_snowflake_update_authorization_method_username_and_password))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_snowflake_authorization_method_o_auth2_0"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_snowflake_authorization_method_o_auth2_0`

Read-Only:

- `access_token` (String) Access Token for making authenticated requests.
- `auth_type` (String) must be one of ["OAuth"]
- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of your Snowflake developer application.
- `client_secret` (String) The Client Secret of your Snowflake developer application.
- `refresh_token` (String) Refresh Token for making authenticated requests.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_snowflake_authorization_method_username_and_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_snowflake_authorization_method_username_and_password`

Read-Only:

- `auth_type` (String) must be one of ["username/password"]
- `password` (String) The password associated with the username.
- `username` (String) The username you created to allow Airbyte to access the database.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_snowflake_update_authorization_method_o_auth2_0"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_snowflake_update_authorization_method_o_auth2_0`

Read-Only:

- `access_token` (String) Access Token for making authenticated requests.
- `auth_type` (String) must be one of ["OAuth"]
- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of your Snowflake developer application.
- `client_secret` (String) The Client Secret of your Snowflake developer application.
- `refresh_token` (String) Refresh Token for making authenticated requests.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_snowflake_update_authorization_method_username_and_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_snowflake_update_authorization_method_username_and_password`

Read-Only:

- `auth_type` (String) must be one of ["username/password"]
- `password` (String) The password associated with the username.
- `username` (String) The username you created to allow Airbyte to access the database.


