---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_mongodb Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceMongodb DataSource
---

# airbyte_source_mongodb (Data Source)

SourceMongodb DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_source_mongodb" "my_source_mongodb" {
  secret_id = "...my_secret_id..."
  source_id = "...my_source_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `auth_source` (String) Default: "admin"
The authentication source where the user information is stored.
- `database` (String) The database you want to replicate.
- `instance_type` (Attributes) The MongoDb instance to connect to. For MongoDB Atlas and Replica Set TLS connection is used by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--instance_type))
- `password` (String) The password associated with this username.
- `user` (String) The username which is used to access the database.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--instance_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.instance_type`

Read-Only:

- `source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas` (Attributes) The MongoDb instance to connect to. For MongoDB Atlas and Replica Set TLS connection is used by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas))
- `source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set` (Attributes) The MongoDb instance to connect to. For MongoDB Atlas and Replica Set TLS connection is used by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set))
- `source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance` (Attributes) The MongoDb instance to connect to. For MongoDB Atlas and Replica Set TLS connection is used by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance))
- `source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas` (Attributes) The MongoDb instance to connect to. For MongoDB Atlas and Replica Set TLS connection is used by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas))
- `source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set` (Attributes) The MongoDb instance to connect to. For MongoDB Atlas and Replica Set TLS connection is used by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set))
- `source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance` (Attributes) The MongoDb instance to connect to. For MongoDB Atlas and Replica Set TLS connection is used by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.instance_type.source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas`

Read-Only:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `cluster_url` (String) The URL of a cluster to connect to.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.instance_type.source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set`

Read-Only:

- `replica_set` (String) A replica set in MongoDB is a group of mongod processes that maintain the same data set.
- `server_addresses` (String) The members of a replica set. Please specify `host`:`port` of each member separated by comma.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.instance_type.source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) The host name of the Mongo database.
- `port` (Number) Default: 27017
The port of the Mongo database.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.instance_type.source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas`

Read-Only:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `cluster_url` (String) The URL of a cluster to connect to.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.instance_type.source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set`

Read-Only:

- `replica_set` (String) A replica set in MongoDB is a group of mongod processes that maintain the same data set.
- `server_addresses` (String) The members of a replica set. Please specify `host`:`port` of each member separated by comma.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.instance_type.source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) The host name of the Mongo database.
- `port` (Number) Default: 27017
The port of the Mongo database.


