---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_google_directory Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceGoogleDirectory DataSource
---

# airbyte_source_google_directory (Data Source)

SourceGoogleDirectory DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_source_google_directory" "my_source_googledirectory" {
  secret_id = "...my_secret_id..."
  source_id = "...my_source_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `credentials` (Attributes) Google APIs use the OAuth 2.0 protocol for authentication and authorization. The Source supports <a href="https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2#webserver" target="_blank">Web server application</a> and <a href="https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2#serviceaccount" target="_blank">Service accounts</a> scenarios. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Read-Only:

- `source_google_directory_google_credentials_service_account_key` (Attributes) For these scenario user should obtain service account's credentials from the Google API Console and provide delegated email. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_google_directory_google_credentials_service_account_key))
- `source_google_directory_google_credentials_sign_in_via_google_o_auth` (Attributes) For these scenario user only needs to give permission to read Google Directory data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_google_directory_google_credentials_sign_in_via_google_o_auth))
- `source_google_directory_update_google_credentials_service_account_key` (Attributes) For these scenario user should obtain service account's credentials from the Google API Console and provide delegated email. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_google_directory_update_google_credentials_service_account_key))
- `source_google_directory_update_google_credentials_sign_in_via_google_o_auth` (Attributes) For these scenario user only needs to give permission to read Google Directory data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_google_directory_update_google_credentials_sign_in_via_google_o_auth))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_google_directory_google_credentials_service_account_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_google_directory_google_credentials_service_account_key`

Read-Only:

- `credentials_json` (String) The contents of the JSON service account key. See the <a href="https://developers.google.com/admin-sdk/directory/v1/guides/delegation">docs</a> for more information on how to generate this key.
- `email` (String) The email of the user, which has permissions to access the Google Workspace Admin APIs.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_google_directory_google_credentials_sign_in_via_google_o_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_google_directory_google_credentials_sign_in_via_google_o_auth`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of the developer application.
- `client_secret` (String) The Client Secret of the developer application.
- `refresh_token` (String) The Token for obtaining a new access token.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_google_directory_update_google_credentials_service_account_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_google_directory_update_google_credentials_service_account_key`

Read-Only:

- `credentials_json` (String) The contents of the JSON service account key. See the <a href="https://developers.google.com/admin-sdk/directory/v1/guides/delegation">docs</a> for more information on how to generate this key.
- `email` (String) The email of the user, which has permissions to access the Google Workspace Admin APIs.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--source_google_directory_update_google_credentials_sign_in_via_google_o_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.source_google_directory_update_google_credentials_sign_in_via_google_o_auth`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of the developer application.
- `client_secret` (String) The Client Secret of the developer application.
- `refresh_token` (String) The Token for obtaining a new access token.


