---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_destination_pinecone Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DestinationPinecone Resource
---

# airbyte_destination_pinecone (Resource)

DestinationPinecone Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_destination_pinecone" "my_destination_pinecone" {
  configuration = {
    destination_type = "pinecone"
    embedding = {
      destination_pinecone_embedding_cohere = {
        cohere_key = "...my_cohere_key..."
        mode       = "cohere"
      }
    }
    indexing = {
      index                = "...my_index..."
      pinecone_environment = "...my_pinecone_environment..."
      pinecone_key         = "...my_pinecone_key..."
    }
    processing = {
      chunk_overlap = 2
      chunk_size    = 3
      metadata_fields = [
        "...",
      ]
      text_fields = [
        "...",
      ]
    }
  }
  name         = "Cecelia Braun"
  workspace_id = "8b6a89fb-e3a5-4aa8-a482-4d0ab4075088"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Read-Only

- `destination_id` (String)
- `destination_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `destination_type` (String) must be one of ["pinecone"]
- `embedding` (Attributes) Embedding configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--embedding))
- `indexing` (Attributes) Pinecone is a popular vector store that can be used to store and retrieve embeddings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--indexing))
- `processing` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--processing))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--embedding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.embedding`

Optional:

- `destination_pinecone_embedding_cohere` (Attributes) Use the Cohere API to embed text. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--embedding--destination_pinecone_embedding_cohere))
- `destination_pinecone_embedding_fake` (Attributes) Use a fake embedding made out of random vectors with 1536 embedding dimensions. This is useful for testing the data pipeline without incurring any costs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--embedding--destination_pinecone_embedding_fake))
- `destination_pinecone_embedding_open_ai` (Attributes) Use the OpenAI API to embed text. This option is using the text-embedding-ada-002 model with 1536 embedding dimensions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--embedding--destination_pinecone_embedding_open_ai))
- `destination_pinecone_update_embedding_cohere` (Attributes) Use the Cohere API to embed text. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--embedding--destination_pinecone_update_embedding_cohere))
- `destination_pinecone_update_embedding_fake` (Attributes) Use a fake embedding made out of random vectors with 1536 embedding dimensions. This is useful for testing the data pipeline without incurring any costs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--embedding--destination_pinecone_update_embedding_fake))
- `destination_pinecone_update_embedding_open_ai` (Attributes) Use the OpenAI API to embed text. This option is using the text-embedding-ada-002 model with 1536 embedding dimensions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--embedding--destination_pinecone_update_embedding_open_ai))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--embedding--destination_pinecone_embedding_cohere"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.embedding.destination_pinecone_embedding_cohere`

Required:

- `cohere_key` (String)

Optional:

- `mode` (String) must be one of ["cohere"]


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--embedding--destination_pinecone_embedding_fake"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.embedding.destination_pinecone_embedding_fake`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) must be one of ["fake"]


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--embedding--destination_pinecone_embedding_open_ai"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.embedding.destination_pinecone_embedding_open_ai`

Required:

- `openai_key` (String)

Optional:

- `mode` (String) must be one of ["openai"]


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--embedding--destination_pinecone_update_embedding_cohere"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.embedding.destination_pinecone_update_embedding_cohere`

Required:

- `cohere_key` (String)

Optional:

- `mode` (String) must be one of ["cohere"]


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--embedding--destination_pinecone_update_embedding_fake"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.embedding.destination_pinecone_update_embedding_fake`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) must be one of ["fake"]


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--embedding--destination_pinecone_update_embedding_open_ai"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.embedding.destination_pinecone_update_embedding_open_ai`

Required:

- `openai_key` (String)

Optional:

- `mode` (String) must be one of ["openai"]



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--indexing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.indexing`

Required:

- `index` (String) Pinecone index to use
- `pinecone_environment` (String) Pinecone environment to use
- `pinecone_key` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--processing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.processing`

Required:

- `chunk_size` (Number) Size of chunks in tokens to store in vector store (make sure it is not too big for the context if your LLM)

Optional:

- `chunk_overlap` (Number) Size of overlap between chunks in tokens to store in vector store to better capture relevant context
- `metadata_fields` (List of String) List of fields in the record that should be stored as metadata. The field list is applied to all streams in the same way and non-existing fields are ignored. If none are defined, all fields are considered metadata fields. When specifying text fields, you can access nested fields in the record by using dot notation, e.g. `user.name` will access the `name` field in the `user` object. It's also possible to use wildcards to access all fields in an object, e.g. `users.*.name` will access all `names` fields in all entries of the `users` array. When specifying nested paths, all matching values are flattened into an array set to a field named by the path.
- `text_fields` (List of String) List of fields in the record that should be used to calculate the embedding. The field list is applied to all streams in the same way and non-existing fields are ignored. If none are defined, all fields are considered text fields. When specifying text fields, you can access nested fields in the record by using dot notation, e.g. `user.name` will access the `name` field in the `user` object. It's also possible to use wildcards to access all fields in an object, e.g. `users.*.name` will access all `names` fields in all entries of the `users` array.


