---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_destination_teradata Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DestinationTeradata Resource
---

# airbyte_destination_teradata (Resource)

DestinationTeradata Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_destination_teradata" "my_destination_teradata" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    disable_type_dedupe   = true
    drop_cascade          = false
    host                  = "...my_host..."
    jdbc_url_params       = "...my_jdbc_url_params..."
    logmech = {
      ldap = {
        password = "...my_password..."
        username = "...my_username..."
      }
      td2 = {
        password = "...my_password..."
        username = "...my_username..."
      }
    }
    query_band      = "...my_query_band..."
    raw_data_schema = "...my_raw_data_schema..."
    schema          = "airbyte_td"
    ssl             = false
    ssl_mode = {
      # ...
    }
  }
  definition_id = "d113370e-613a-4d8a-8685-e4d05d32dcea"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  workspace_id  = "a9f65ee8-669c-48fd-aadc-bf3b835fc521"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the destination. The schema for this must match the schema return by destination_definition_specifications/get for the destinationDefinition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the destination e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.destinationType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "58e6f9da-904e-11ed-a1eb-0242ac120002"; Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `destination_id` (String)
- `destination_type` (String)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `host` (String) Hostname of the database.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `disable_type_dedupe` (Boolean) Disable Writing Final Tables. WARNING! The data format in _airbyte_data is likely stable but there are no guarantees that other metadata columns will remain the same in future versions. Default: false
- `drop_cascade` (Boolean) Drop tables with CASCADE. WARNING! This will delete all data in all dependent objects (views, etc.). Use with caution. This option is intended for usecases which can easily rebuild the dependent objects. Default: false
- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database formatted as 'key=value' pairs separated by the symbol '&'. (example: key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3).
- `logmech` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--logmech))
- `query_band` (String) Defines the custom session query band using name-value pairs. For example, 'org=Finance;report=Fin123;'
- `raw_data_schema` (String) The database to write raw tables into
- `schema` (String) The default schema tables are written to if the source does not specify a namespace. The usual value for this field is "public". Default: "airbyte_td"
- `ssl` (Boolean) Encrypt data using SSL. When activating SSL, please select one of the SSL modes. Default: false
- `ssl_mode` (Attributes) SSL connection modes. 
 <b>disable</b> - Chose this mode to disable encryption of communication between Airbyte and destination database
 <b>allow</b> - Chose this mode to enable encryption only when required by the destination database
 <b>prefer</b> - Chose this mode to allow unencrypted connection only if the destination database does not support encryption
 <b>require</b> - Chose this mode to always require encryption. If the destination database server does not support encryption, connection will fail
  <b>verify-ca</b> - Chose this mode to always require encryption and to verify that the destination database server has a valid SSL certificate
  <b>verify-full</b> - This is the most secure mode. Chose this mode to always require encryption and to verify the identity of the destination database server
 See more information - <a href="https://teradata-docs.s3.amazonaws.com/doc/connectivity/jdbc/reference/current/jdbcug_chapter_2.html#URL_SSLMODE"> in the docs</a>. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--logmech"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.logmech`

Optional:

- `ldap` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--logmech--ldap))
- `td2` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--logmech--td2))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--logmech--ldap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.logmech.ldap`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Enter the password associated with the username.
- `username` (String) Username to use to access the database.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--logmech--td2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.logmech.td2`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Enter the password associated with the username.
- `username` (String) Username to use to access the database.



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode`

Optional:

- `allow` (Attributes) Allow SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--allow))
- `disable` (Attributes) Disable SSL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--disable))
- `prefer` (Attributes) Prefer SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--prefer))
- `require` (Attributes) Require SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--require))
- `verify_ca` (Attributes) Verify-ca SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_ca))
- `verify_full` (Attributes) Verify-full SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_full))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--allow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.allow`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--disable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.disable`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--prefer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.prefer`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--require"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.require`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.verify_ca`

Required:

- `ssl_ca_certificate` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the file name of a PEM file that contains Certificate Authority (CA) certificates for use with SSLMODE=verify-ca.
 See more information - <a href="https://teradata-docs.s3.amazonaws.com/doc/connectivity/jdbc/reference/current/jdbcug_chapter_2.html#URL_SSLCA"> in the docs</a>.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_full"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.verify_full`

Required:

- `ssl_ca_certificate` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the file name of a PEM file that contains Certificate Authority (CA) certificates for use with SSLMODE=verify-full.
 See more information - <a href="https://teradata-docs.s3.amazonaws.com/doc/connectivity/jdbc/reference/current/jdbcug_chapter_2.html#URL_SSLCA"> in the docs</a>.




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_destination_teradata.my_airbyte_destination_teradata
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_destination_teradata.my_airbyte_destination_teradata "..."
```
