---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_destination_yellowbrick Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DestinationYellowbrick Resource
---

# airbyte_destination_yellowbrick (Resource)

DestinationYellowbrick Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_destination_yellowbrick" "my_destination_yellowbrick" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    database              = "...my_database..."
    host                  = "...my_host..."
    jdbc_url_params       = "...my_jdbc_url_params..."
    password              = "...my_password..."
    port                  = 5432
    schema                = "public"
    ssl                   = true
    ssl_mode = {
      # ...
    }
    tunnel_method = {
      no_tunnel = {
        # ...
      }
    }
    username = "...my_username..."
  }
  definition_id = "81a773ac-fba0-424f-a74b-6a91a45ce8fe"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  workspace_id  = "2d4bfbc0-aa6b-42b1-9222-6303d0c9671f"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the destination. The schema for this must match the schema return by destination_definition_specifications/get for the destinationDefinition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the destination e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.destinationType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `destination_id` (String)
- `destination_type` (String)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `database` (String) Name of the database.
- `host` (String) Hostname of the database.
- `username` (String) Username to use to access the database.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database formatted as 'key=value' pairs separated by the symbol '&'. (example: key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3).
- `password` (String) Password associated with the username.
- `port` (Number) Port of the database. Default: 5432
- `schema` (String) The default schema tables are written to if the source does not specify a namespace. The usual value for this field is "public". Default: "public"
- `ssl` (Boolean) Encrypt data using SSL. When activating SSL, please select one of the connection modes. Default: false
- `ssl_mode` (Attributes) SSL connection modes. 
 <b>disable</b> - Chose this mode to disable encryption of communication between Airbyte and destination database
 <b>allow</b> - Chose this mode to enable encryption only when required by the source database
 <b>prefer</b> - Chose this mode to allow unencrypted connection only if the source database does not support encryption
 <b>require</b> - Chose this mode to always require encryption. If the source database server does not support encryption, connection will fail
  <b>verify-ca</b> - Chose this mode to always require encryption and to verify that the source database server has a valid SSL certificate
  <b>verify-full</b> - This is the most secure mode. Chose this mode to always require encryption and to verify the identity of the source database server
 See more information - <a href="https://jdbc.postgresql.org/documentation/head/ssl-client.html"> in the docs</a>. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode))
- `tunnel_method` (Attributes) Whether to initiate an SSH tunnel before connecting to the database, and if so, which kind of authentication to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode`

Optional:

- `allow` (Attributes) Allow SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--allow))
- `disable` (Attributes) Disable SSL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--disable))
- `prefer` (Attributes) Prefer SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--prefer))
- `require` (Attributes) Require SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--require))
- `verify_ca` (Attributes) Verify-ca SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_ca))
- `verify_full` (Attributes) Verify-full SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_full))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--allow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.allow`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--disable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.disable`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--prefer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.prefer`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--require"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.require`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.verify_ca`

Required:

- `ca_certificate` (String) CA certificate

Optional:

- `client_key_password` (String) Password for keystorage. This field is optional. If you do not add it - the password will be generated automatically.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_full"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.verify_full`

Required:

- `ca_certificate` (String) CA certificate
- `client_certificate` (String) Client certificate
- `client_key` (String) Client key

Optional:

- `client_key_password` (String) Password for keystorage. This field is optional. If you do not add it - the password will be generated automatically.



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method`

Optional:

- `no_tunnel` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel))
- `password_authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication))
- `ssh_key_authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.no_tunnel`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.password_authentication`

Required:

- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host
- `tunnel_user_password` (String) OS-level password for logging into the jump server host

Optional:

- `tunnel_port` (Number) Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections. Default: 22


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.ssh_key_authentication`

Required:

- `ssh_key` (String) OS-level user account ssh key credentials in RSA PEM format ( created with ssh-keygen -t rsa -m PEM -f myuser_rsa )
- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host.

Optional:

- `tunnel_port` (Number) Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections. Default: 22




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_destination_yellowbrick.my_airbyte_destination_yellowbrick
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_destination_yellowbrick.my_airbyte_destination_yellowbrick "..."
```
