---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_destination_vectara Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DestinationVectara Resource
---

# airbyte_destination_vectara (Resource)

DestinationVectara Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_destination_vectara" "my_destination_vectara" {
  configuration = {
    corpus_name = "...my_corpus_name..."
    customer_id = "...my_customer_id..."
    metadata_fields = [
      "..."
    ]
    oauth2 = {
      client_id     = "...my_client_id..."
      client_secret = "...my_client_secret..."
    }
    parallelize = true
    text_fields = [
      "..."
    ]
    title_field = "document_key"
  }
  definition_id = "ac173292-6bf8-4462-bbfa-4dfe841fa692"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  workspace_id  = "83b24974-78f7-4174-9db4-d0c0c51118e8"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) Configuration to connect to the Vectara instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the destination e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.destinationType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `destination_id` (String)
- `destination_type` (String)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `corpus_name` (String) The Name of Corpus to load data into
- `customer_id` (String) Your customer id as it is in the authenticaion url
- `oauth2` (Attributes) OAuth2.0 credentials used to authenticate admin actions (creating/deleting corpora) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--oauth2))

Optional:

- `metadata_fields` (List of String) List of fields in the record that should be stored as metadata. The field list is applied to all streams in the same way and non-existing fields are ignored. If none are defined, all fields are considered metadata fields. When specifying text fields, you can access nested fields in the record by using dot notation, e.g. `user.name` will access the `name` field in the `user` object. It's also possible to use wildcards to access all fields in an object, e.g. `users.*.name` will access all `names` fields in all entries of the `users` array. When specifying nested paths, all matching values are flattened into an array set to a field named by the path.
- `parallelize` (Boolean) Parallelize indexing into Vectara with multiple threads. Default: false
- `text_fields` (List of String) List of fields in the record that should be in the section of the document. The field list is applied to all streams in the same way and non-existing fields are ignored. If none are defined, all fields are considered text fields. When specifying text fields, you can access nested fields in the record by using dot notation, e.g. `user.name` will access the `name` field in the `user` object. It's also possible to use wildcards to access all fields in an object, e.g. `users.*.name` will access all `names` fields in all entries of the `users` array.
- `title_field` (String) A field that will be used to populate the `title` of each document. The field list is applied to all streams in the same way and non-existing fields are ignored. If none are defined, all fields are considered text fields. When specifying text fields, you can access nested fields in the record by using dot notation, e.g. `user.name` will access the `name` field in the `user` object. It's also possible to use wildcards to access all fields in an object, e.g. `users.*.name` will access all `names` fields in all entries of the `users` array. Default: ""

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--oauth2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.oauth2`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) OAuth2.0 client id
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) OAuth2.0 client secret



<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs. must be one of ["get_spec", "check_connection", "discover_schema", "sync", "reset_connection", "connection_updater", "replicate"]
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_destination_vectara.my_airbyte_destination_vectara ""
```
