---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_destination_clickhouse Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DestinationClickhouse Resource
---

# airbyte_destination_clickhouse (Resource)

DestinationClickhouse Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_destination_clickhouse" "my_destination_clickhouse" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    database              = "...my_database..."
    enable_json           = true
    host                  = "...my_host..."
    password              = "...my_password..."
    port                  = "...my_port..."
    protocol              = "https"
    record_window_size    = 4
    tunnel_method = {
      no_tunnel = {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        tunnel_method         = "NO_TUNNEL"
      }
    }
    username = "...my_username..."
  }
  definition_id = "f7e79763-e821-47f1-9f09-071b66436a92"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  workspace_id  = "18cdd7db-9638-49f4-915d-c14e35de40fa"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the destination. The schema for this must match the schema return by destination_definition_specifications/get for the destinationDefinition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the destination e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.destinationType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "ce0d828e-1dc4-496c-b122-2da42e637e48"; Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `destination_id` (String)
- `destination_type` (String)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `host` (String) Hostname of the database.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password associated with the username.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol for the database connection string. must be one of ["http", "https"]

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `database` (String) Name of the database. Default: "default"
- `enable_json` (Boolean) Use the JSON type when possible. If disabled, the JSON will be converted to a string. Default: false
- `port` (String) HTTP port of the database. Default(s) HTTP: 8123 — HTTPS: 8443. Default: "8443"
- `record_window_size` (Number) Warning: Tuning this parameter can impact the performances. The maximum number of records that should be written to a batch. The batch size limit is still limited to 70 Mb
- `tunnel_method` (Attributes) Whether to initiate an SSH tunnel before connecting to the database, and if so, which kind of authentication to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method))
- `username` (String) Username to use to access the database. Default: "default"

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method`

Optional:

- `no_tunnel` (Attributes) No ssh tunnel needed to connect to database (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel))
- `password_authentication` (Attributes) Connect through a jump server tunnel host using username and password authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication))
- `ssh_key_authentication` (Attributes) Connect through a jump server tunnel host using username and ssh key (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.no_tunnel`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `tunnel_method` (String) Default: "NO_TUNNEL"; must be "NO_TUNNEL"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.password_authentication`

Required:

- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host
- `tunnel_user_password` (String, Sensitive) OS-level password for logging into the jump server host

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `tunnel_method` (String) Default: "SSH_PASSWORD_AUTH"; must be "SSH_PASSWORD_AUTH"
- `tunnel_port` (Number) Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections. Default: 22


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.ssh_key_authentication`

Required:

- `ssh_key` (String, Sensitive) OS-level user account ssh key credentials in RSA PEM format ( created with ssh-keygen -t rsa -m PEM -f myuser_rsa )
- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `tunnel_method` (String) Default: "SSH_KEY_AUTH"; must be "SSH_KEY_AUTH"
- `tunnel_port` (Number) Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections. Default: 22




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_destination_clickhouse.my_airbyte_destination_clickhouse
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_destination_clickhouse.my_airbyte_destination_clickhouse "..."
```
