---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_destination_firebolt Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DestinationFirebolt Resource
---

# airbyte_destination_firebolt (Resource)

DestinationFirebolt Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_destination_firebolt" "my_destination_firebolt" {
  configuration = {
    account       = "...my_account..."
    client_id     = "bbl9qth066hmxkwyb0hy2iwk8ktez9dz"
    client_secret = "...my_client_secret..."
    database      = "...my_database..."
    engine        = "...my_engine..."
    host          = "api.app.firebolt.io"
    loading_method = {
      external_table_via_s3 = {
        aws_key_id     = "...my_aws_key_id..."
        aws_key_secret = "...my_aws_key_secret..."
        s3_bucket      = "...my_s3_bucket..."
        s3_region      = "us-east-1"
      }
    }
  }
  definition_id = "cb044c1f-5609-4f2c-a0f3-7f7fd2ae8ba8"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  workspace_id  = "3a7065bd-8875-464a-a7d2-4af683bf7d5f"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the destination. The schema for this must match the schema return by destination_definition_specifications/get for the destinationDefinition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the destination e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.destinationType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "18081484-02a5-4662-8dba-b270b582f321"; Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `destination_id` (String)
- `destination_type` (String)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `account` (String) Firebolt account to login.
- `client_id` (String) Firebolt service account ID.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Firebolt secret, corresponding to the service account ID.
- `database` (String) The database to connect to.
- `engine` (String) Engine name to connect to.

Optional:

- `host` (String) The host name of your Firebolt database.
- `loading_method` (Attributes) Loading method used to select the way data will be uploaded to Firebolt (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--loading_method))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--loading_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.loading_method`

Optional:

- `external_table_via_s3` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--external_table_via_s3))
- `sql_inserts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--sql_inserts))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--external_table_via_s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.loading_method.external_table_via_s3`

Required:

- `aws_key_id` (String, Sensitive) AWS access key granting read and write access to S3.
- `aws_key_secret` (String, Sensitive) Corresponding secret part of the AWS Key
- `s3_bucket` (String) The name of the S3 bucket.
- `s3_region` (String) Region name of the S3 bucket.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--sql_inserts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.loading_method.sql_inserts`




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_destination_firebolt.my_airbyte_destination_firebolt
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_destination_firebolt.my_airbyte_destination_firebolt "..."
```
