---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_destination_pulsar Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DestinationPulsar Resource
---

# airbyte_destination_pulsar (Resource)

DestinationPulsar Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_destination_pulsar" "my_destination_pulsar" {
  configuration = {
    batching_enabled                       = false
    batching_max_messages                  = 10
    batching_max_publish_delay             = 0
    block_if_queue_full                    = false
    brokers                                = "broker1:6650,broker2:6650"
    compression_type                       = "ZLIB"
    destination_type                       = "pulsar"
    max_pending_messages                   = 5
    max_pending_messages_across_partitions = 7
    producer_name                          = "airbyte-producer"
    producer_sync                          = false
    send_timeout_ms                        = 0
    topic_namespace                        = "default"
    topic_pattern                          = "{namespace}.{stream}.sample"
    topic_tenant                           = "public"
    topic_test                             = "test.topic"
    topic_type                             = "non-persistent"
    use_tls                                = true
  }
  name         = "Warren Greenholt"
  workspace_id = "1e94764a-3e86-45e7-956f-9251a5a9da66"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Read-Only

- `destination_id` (String)
- `destination_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `batching_enabled` (Boolean) Control whether automatic batching of messages is enabled for the producer.
- `batching_max_messages` (Number) Maximum number of messages permitted in a batch.
- `batching_max_publish_delay` (Number) Time period in milliseconds within which the messages sent will be batched.
- `block_if_queue_full` (Boolean) If the send operation should block when the outgoing message queue is full.
- `brokers` (String) A list of host/port pairs to use for establishing the initial connection to the Pulsar cluster.
- `compression_type` (String) must be one of [NONE, LZ4, ZLIB, ZSTD, SNAPPY]
Compression type for the producer.
- `destination_type` (String) must be one of [pulsar]
- `max_pending_messages` (Number) The maximum size of a queue holding pending messages.
- `max_pending_messages_across_partitions` (Number) The maximum number of pending messages across partitions.
- `send_timeout_ms` (Number) If a message is not acknowledged by a server before the send-timeout expires, an error occurs (in ms).
- `topic_namespace` (String) The administrative unit of the topic, which acts as a grouping mechanism for related topics. Most topic configuration is performed at the namespace level. Each tenant has one or multiple namespaces.
- `topic_pattern` (String) Topic pattern in which the records will be sent. You can use patterns like '{namespace}' and/or '{stream}' to send the message to a specific topic based on these values. Notice that the topic name will be transformed to a standard naming convention.
- `topic_tenant` (String) The topic tenant within the instance. Tenants are essential to multi-tenancy in Pulsar, and spread across clusters.
- `topic_type` (String) must be one of [persistent, non-persistent]
It identifies type of topic. Pulsar supports two kind of topics: persistent and non-persistent. In persistent topic, all messages are durably persisted on disk (that means on multiple disks unless the broker is standalone), whereas non-persistent topic does not persist message into storage disk.
- `use_tls` (Boolean) Whether to use TLS encryption on the connection.

Optional:

- `producer_name` (String) Name for the producer. If not filled, the system will generate a globally unique name which can be accessed with.
- `producer_sync` (Boolean) Wait synchronously until the record has been sent to Pulsar.
- `topic_test` (String) Topic to test if Airbyte can produce messages.


