---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_destination_s3_data_lake Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DestinationS3DataLake Resource
---

# airbyte_destination_s3_data_lake (Resource)

DestinationS3DataLake Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_destination_s3_data_lake" "my_destination_s3datalake" {
  configuration = {
    access_key_id         = "...my_access_key_id..."
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    catalog_type = {
      nessie_catalog = {
        access_token          = "a012345678910ABCDEFGH/AbCdEfGhEXAMPLEKEY"
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        catalog_type          = "NESSIE"
        namespace             = "...my_namespace..."
        server_uri            = "...my_server_uri..."
      }
    }
    main_branch_name   = "...my_main_branch_name..."
    s3_bucket_name     = "...my_s3_bucket_name..."
    s3_bucket_region   = "us-east-1"
    s3_endpoint        = "...my_s3_endpoint..."
    secret_access_key  = "...my_secret_access_key..."
    warehouse_location = "s3://your-bucket/path/to/store/files/in"
  }
  definition_id = "9e400343-02b2-4662-a6e6-e0fa14a75ce6"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  workspace_id  = "a727b820-bb79-42a8-8bb5-a8f3c4e0696b"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) Defines the configurations required to connect to an Iceberg catalog, including warehouse location, main branch name, and catalog type specifics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the destination e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.destinationType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "716ca874-520b-4902-9f80-9fad66754b89"; Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `destination_id` (String)
- `destination_type` (String)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `catalog_type` (Attributes) Specifies the type of Iceberg catalog (e.g., NESSIE, GLUE, REST, POLARIS) and its associated configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--catalog_type))
- `s3_bucket_name` (String) The name of the S3 bucket that will host the Iceberg data.
- `s3_bucket_region` (String) The region of the S3 bucket. See <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-available-regions">here</a> for all region codes. must be one of ["", "af-south-1", "ap-east-1", "ap-northeast-1", "ap-northeast-2", "ap-northeast-3", "ap-south-1", "ap-south-2", "ap-southeast-1", "ap-southeast-2", "ap-southeast-3", "ap-southeast-4", "ca-central-1", "ca-west-1", "cn-north-1", "cn-northwest-1", "eu-central-1", "eu-central-2", "eu-north-1", "eu-south-1", "eu-south-2", "eu-west-1", "eu-west-2", "eu-west-3", "il-central-1", "me-central-1", "me-south-1", "sa-east-1", "us-east-1", "us-east-2", "us-gov-east-1", "us-gov-west-1", "us-west-1", "us-west-2"]
- `warehouse_location` (String) The root location of the data warehouse used by the Iceberg catalog. Typically includes a bucket name and path within that bucket. For AWS Glue and Nessie, must include the storage protocol (such as "s3://" for Amazon S3).

Optional:

- `access_key_id` (String) The AWS Access Key ID with permissions for S3 and Glue operations.
- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `main_branch_name` (String) The primary or default branch name in the catalog. Most query engines will use "main" by default. See <a href="https://iceberg.apache.org/docs/latest/branching/">Iceberg documentation</a> for more information. Default: "main"
- `s3_endpoint` (String) Your S3 endpoint url. Read more <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/s3.html#:~:text=Service%20endpoints-,Amazon%20S3%20endpoints,-When%20you%20use">here</a>
- `secret_access_key` (String) The AWS Secret Access Key paired with the Access Key ID for AWS authentication.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--catalog_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.catalog_type`

Optional:

- `glue_catalog` (Attributes) Configuration details for connecting to an AWS Glue-based Iceberg catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--catalog_type--glue_catalog))
- `nessie_catalog` (Attributes) Configuration details for connecting to a Nessie-based Iceberg catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--catalog_type--nessie_catalog))
- `polaris_catalog` (Attributes) Configuration details for connecting to an Apache Polaris-based Iceberg catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--catalog_type--polaris_catalog))
- `rest_catalog` (Attributes) Configuration details for connecting to a REST catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--catalog_type--rest_catalog))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--catalog_type--glue_catalog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.catalog_type.glue_catalog`

Required:

- `database_name` (String) The Glue database name. This will ONLY be used if the `Destination Namespace` setting for the connection is set to `Destination-defined` or `Source-defined`
- `glue_id` (String) The AWS Account ID associated with the Glue service used by the Iceberg catalog.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `catalog_type` (String) Default: "GLUE"; must be "GLUE"
- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS role to assume. Only usable in Airbyte Cloud.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--catalog_type--nessie_catalog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.catalog_type.nessie_catalog`

Required:

- `namespace` (String) The Nessie namespace to be used in the Table identifier. 
           This will ONLY be used if the `Destination Namespace` setting for the connection is set to
           `Destination-defined` or `Source-defined`
- `server_uri` (String) The base URL of the Nessie server used to connect to the Nessie catalog.

Optional:

- `access_token` (String) Optional token for authentication with the Nessie server.
- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `catalog_type` (String) Default: "NESSIE"; must be "NESSIE"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--catalog_type--polaris_catalog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.catalog_type.polaris_catalog`

Required:

- `catalog_name` (String) The name of the catalog in Polaris. This corresponds to the catalog name created via the Polaris Management API.
- `client_id` (String) The OAuth Client ID for authenticating with the Polaris server.
- `client_secret` (String) The OAuth Client Secret for authenticating with the Polaris server.
- `namespace` (String) The Polaris namespace to be used in the Table identifier.
           This will ONLY be used if the `Destination Namespace` setting for the connection is set to
           `Destination-defined` or `Source-defined`
- `scope` (String) The OAuth scope for authentication. Must be in the format PRINCIPAL_ROLE:<role_name>.
- `server_uri` (String) The base URL of the Polaris server used to connect to the Polaris catalog.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `catalog_type` (String) Default: "POLARIS"; must be "POLARIS"
- `oauth2_server_uri` (String) The OAuth2 token endpoint URI. If not provided, a deprecation warning may be issued as this will become required in future versions.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--catalog_type--rest_catalog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.catalog_type.rest_catalog`

Required:

- `namespace` (String) The namespace to be used in the Table identifier. 
           This will ONLY be used if the `Destination Namespace` setting for the connection is set to
           `Destination-defined` or `Source-defined`
- `server_uri` (String) The base URL of the Rest server used to connect to the Rest catalog.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `catalog_type` (String) Default: "REST"; must be "REST"




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_destination_s3_data_lake.my_airbyte_destination_s3_data_lake
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_destination_s3_data_lake.my_airbyte_destination_s3_data_lake "..."
```
