---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_destination_starburst_galaxy Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DestinationStarburstGalaxy Resource
---

# airbyte_destination_starburst_galaxy (Resource)

DestinationStarburstGalaxy Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_destination_starburst_galaxy" "my_destination_starburstgalaxy" {
  configuration = {
    accept_terms        = true
    catalog             = "sample_s3_catalog"
    catalog_schema      = "public"
    password            = "password"
    port                = "443"
    purge_staging_table = false
    server_hostname     = "abc-12345678-wxyz.trino.galaxy-demo.io"
    staging_object_store = {
      amazon_s3 = {
        object_store_type    = "S3"
        s3_access_key_id     = "A012345678910EXAMPLE"
        s3_bucket_name       = "airbyte_staging"
        s3_bucket_path       = "temp_airbyte__sync/test"
        s3_bucket_region     = "ap-southeast-2"
        s3_secret_access_key = "a012345678910ABCDEFGH/AbCdEfGhEXAMPLEKEY"
      }
    }
    username = "user@example.com"
  }
  definition_id = "8654fbdb-0dae-4053-92ee-ecc8194c7441"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  workspace_id  = "184f0ea2-e6c1-475a-88eb-30413bba91fd"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the destination. The schema for this must match the schema return by destination_definition_specifications/get for the destinationDefinition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the destination e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.destinationType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "4528e960-6f7b-4412-8555-7e0097e1da17"; Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `destination_id` (String)
- `destination_type` (String)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `catalog` (String) Name of the Starburst Galaxy Amazon S3 catalog.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Starburst Galaxy password for the specified user.
- `server_hostname` (String) Starburst Galaxy cluster hostname.
- `staging_object_store` (Attributes) Temporary storage on which temporary Iceberg table is created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--staging_object_store))
- `username` (String) Starburst Galaxy user.

Optional:

- `accept_terms` (Boolean) You must agree to the Starburst Galaxy <a href="https://www.starburst.io/terms/">terms & conditions</a> to use this connector. Default: false
- `catalog_schema` (String) The default Starburst Galaxy Amazon S3 catalog schema where tables are written to if the source does not specify a namespace. Defaults to "public". Default: "public"
- `port` (String) Starburst Galaxy cluster port. Default: "443"
- `purge_staging_table` (Boolean) Defaults to 'true'. Switch to 'false' for debugging purposes. Default: true

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--staging_object_store"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.staging_object_store`

Optional:

- `amazon_s3` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--staging_object_store--amazon_s3))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--staging_object_store--amazon_s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.staging_object_store.amazon_s3`

Required:

- `s3_access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) Access key with access to the bucket. Airbyte requires read and write permissions to a given bucket.
- `s3_bucket_name` (String) Name of the S3 bucket
- `s3_bucket_path` (String) Directory in the S3 bucket where staging data is stored.
- `s3_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) Secret key used with the specified access key.

Optional:

- `object_store_type` (String) Default: "S3"; must be "S3"
- `s3_bucket_region` (String) The region of the S3 bucket. Default: "us-east-1"; must be one of ["ap-northeast-1", "ap-southeast-1", "ap-southeast-2", "ca-central-1", "eu-central-1", "eu-west-1", "eu-west-2", "eu-west-3", "us-east-1", "us-east-2", "us-west-1", "us-west-2"]




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_destination_starburst_galaxy.my_airbyte_destination_starburst_galaxy
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_destination_starburst_galaxy.my_airbyte_destination_starburst_galaxy "..."
```
