---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_destination_snowflake Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DestinationSnowflake Resource
---

# airbyte_destination_snowflake (Resource)

DestinationSnowflake Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_destination_snowflake" "my_destination_snowflake" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    cdc_deletion_mode     = "Soft delete"
    credentials = {
      key_pair_authentication = {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        auth_type             = "Key Pair Authentication"
        private_key           = "...my_private_key..."
        private_key_password  = "...my_private_key_password..."
      }
    }
    database              = "AIRBYTE_DATABASE"
    disable_type_dedupe   = true
    host                  = "accountname.us-east-2.aws.snowflakecomputing.com"
    jdbc_url_params       = "...my_jdbc_url_params..."
    raw_data_schema       = "...my_raw_data_schema..."
    retention_period_days = 9
    role                  = "AIRBYTE_ROLE"
    schema                = "AIRBYTE_SCHEMA"
    username              = "AIRBYTE_USER"
    warehouse             = "AIRBYTE_WAREHOUSE"
  }
  definition_id = "fce231ce-04a4-46ec-a244-d1436db0281f"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  workspace_id  = "058d9730-38a6-485c-8631-dc0cc86125f9"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the destination. The schema for this must match the schema return by destination_definition_specifications/get for the destinationDefinition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the destination e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.destinationType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "424892c4-daac-4491-b35d-c6688ba547ba"; Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `destination_id` (String)
- `destination_type` (String)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `database` (String) Enter the name of the <a href="https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/ddl-database.html#database-schema-share-ddl">database</a> you want to sync data into
- `host` (String) Enter your Snowflake account's <a href="https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier.html#using-an-account-locator-as-an-identifier">locator</a> (in the format <account_locator>.<region>.<cloud>.snowflakecomputing.com)
- `role` (String) Enter the <a href="https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-overview.html#roles">role</a> that you want to use to access Snowflake
- `schema` (String) Enter the name of the default <a href="https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/ddl-database.html#database-schema-share-ddl">schema</a>
- `username` (String) Enter the name of the user you want to use to access the database
- `warehouse` (String) Enter the name of the <a href="https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview.html#overview-of-warehouses">warehouse</a> that you want to use as a compute cluster

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `cdc_deletion_mode` (String) Whether to execute CDC deletions as hard deletes (i.e. propagate source deletions to the destination), or soft deletes (i.e. leave a tombstone record in the destination). Defaults to hard deletes. Default: "Hard delete"; must be one of ["Hard delete", "Soft delete"]
- `credentials` (Attributes) Determines the type of authentication that should be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `disable_type_dedupe` (Boolean) Write the legacy "raw tables" format, to enable backwards compatibility with older versions of this connector.
- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Enter the additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database (formatted as key=value pairs separated by the symbol &). Example: key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3
- `raw_data_schema` (String) Airbyte will use this dataset for various internal tables. In legacy raw tables mode, the raw tables will be stored in this dataset. Defaults to "airbyte_internal".
- `retention_period_days` (Number) The number of days of Snowflake Time Travel to enable on the tables. See <a href="https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-time-travel#data-retention-period">Snowflake's documentation</a> for more information. Setting a nonzero value will incur increased storage costs in your Snowflake instance.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `key_pair_authentication` (Attributes) Configuration details for the Key Pair Authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--key_pair_authentication))
- `username_and_password` (Attributes) Configuration details for the Username and Password Authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--username_and_password))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--key_pair_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.key_pair_authentication`

Required:

- `private_key` (String) RSA Private key to use for Snowflake connection. See the <a
 href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/destinations/snowflake">docs</a> for more
 information on how to obtain this key.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `auth_type` (String) Default: "Key Pair Authentication"; must be "Key Pair Authentication"
- `private_key_password` (String) Passphrase for private key


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--username_and_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.username_and_password`

Required:

- `password` (String) Enter the password associated with the username.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `auth_type` (String) Default: "Username and Password"; must be "Username and Password"




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_destination_snowflake.my_airbyte_destination_snowflake
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_destination_snowflake.my_airbyte_destination_snowflake "..."
```
