---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_destination_bigquery Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DestinationBigquery Resource
---

# airbyte_destination_bigquery (Resource)

DestinationBigquery Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_destination_bigquery" "my_destination_bigquery" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    cdc_deletion_mode     = "Soft delete"
    credentials_json      = "...my_credentials_json..."
    dataset_id            = "...my_dataset_id..."
    dataset_location      = "EU"
    disable_type_dedupe   = true
    loading_method = {
      batched_standard_inserts = {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        method                = "Standard"
      }
    }
    project_id       = "...my_project_id..."
    raw_data_dataset = "...my_raw_data_dataset..."
  }
  definition_id = "92c3eb2b-6d61-4610-adf2-eee065419ed9"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  workspace_id  = "acee73dd-54d3-476f-a8ea-d39d218f52cd"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the destination. The schema for this must match the schema return by destination_definition_specifications/get for the destinationDefinition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the destination e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.destinationType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `destination_id` (String)
- `destination_type` (String)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `dataset_id` (String) The default BigQuery Dataset ID that tables are replicated to if the source does not specify a namespace. Read more <a href="https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/datasets#create-dataset">here</a>.
- `dataset_location` (String) The location of the dataset. Warning: Changes made after creation will not be applied. Read more <a href="https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/locations">here</a>. must be one of ["EU", "US", "africa-south1", "asia-east1", "asia-east2", "asia-northeast1", "asia-northeast2", "asia-northeast3", "asia-south1", "asia-south2", "asia-southeast1", "asia-southeast2", "australia-southeast1", "australia-southeast2", "europe-central2", "europe-north1", "europe-north2", "europe-southwest1", "europe-west1", "europe-west2", "europe-west3", "europe-west4", "europe-west6", "europe-west8", "europe-west9", "europe-west10", "europe-west12", "me-central1", "me-central2", "me-west1", "northamerica-northeast1", "northamerica-northeast2", "northamerica-south1", "southamerica-east1", "southamerica-west1", "us-central1", "us-east1", "us-east4", "us-east5", "us-south1", "us-west1", "us-west2", "us-west3", "us-west4"]
- `project_id` (String) The GCP project ID for the project containing the target BigQuery dataset. Read more <a href="https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects#identifying_projects">here</a>.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `cdc_deletion_mode` (String) Whether to execute CDC deletions as hard deletes (i.e. propagate source deletions to the destination), or soft deletes (i.e. leave a tombstone record in the destination). Defaults to hard deletes. Default: "Hard delete"; must be one of ["Hard delete", "Soft delete"]
- `credentials_json` (String) The contents of the JSON service account key. Check out the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/destinations/bigquery#service-account-key">docs</a> if you need help generating this key. Default credentials will be used if this field is left empty.
- `disable_type_dedupe` (Boolean) Write the legacy "raw tables" format, to enable backwards compatibility with older versions of this connector. Default: false
- `loading_method` (Attributes) The way data will be uploaded to BigQuery. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--loading_method))
- `raw_data_dataset` (String) Airbyte will use this dataset for various internal tables. In legacy raw tables mode, the raw tables will be stored in this dataset. Defaults to "airbyte_internal".

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--loading_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.loading_method`

Optional:

- `batched_standard_inserts` (Attributes) Direct loading using batched SQL INSERT statements. This method uses the BigQuery driver to convert large INSERT statements into file uploads automatically. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--batched_standard_inserts))
- `gcs_staging` (Attributes) Writes large batches of records to a file, uploads the file to GCS, then uses COPY INTO to load your data into BigQuery. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--gcs_staging))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--batched_standard_inserts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.loading_method.batched_standard_inserts`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `method` (String) Default: "Standard"; must be "Standard"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--gcs_staging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.loading_method.gcs_staging`

Required:

- `credential` (Attributes) An HMAC key is a type of credential and can be associated with a service account or a user account in Cloud Storage. Read more <a href="https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/authentication/hmackeys">here</a>. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--gcs_staging--credential))
- `gcs_bucket_name` (String) The name of the GCS bucket. Read more <a href="https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/naming-buckets">here</a>.
- `gcs_bucket_path` (String) Directory under the GCS bucket where data will be written.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `keep_files_in_gcs_bucket` (String) This upload method is supposed to temporary store records in GCS bucket. By this select you can chose if these records should be removed from GCS when migration has finished. The default "Delete all tmp files from GCS" value is used if not set explicitly. Default: "Delete all tmp files from GCS"; must be one of ["Delete all tmp files from GCS", "Keep all tmp files in GCS"]
- `method` (String) Default: "GCS Staging"; must be "GCS Staging"

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--gcs_staging--credential"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.loading_method.gcs_staging.credential`

Optional:

- `hmac_key` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--gcs_staging--credential--hmac_key))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--loading_method--gcs_staging--credential--hmac_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.loading_method.gcs_staging.credential.hmac_key`

Required:

- `hmac_key_access_id` (String) HMAC key access ID. When linked to a service account, this ID is 61 characters long; when linked to a user account, it is 24 characters long.
- `hmac_key_secret` (String) The corresponding secret for the access ID. It is a 40-character base-64 encoded string.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `credential_type` (String) Default: "HMAC_KEY"; must be "HMAC_KEY"






<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_destination_bigquery.my_airbyte_destination_bigquery
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_destination_bigquery.my_airbyte_destination_bigquery "..."
```
