---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_destination_cobra Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DestinationCobra Resource
---

# airbyte_destination_cobra (Resource)

DestinationCobra Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_destination_cobra" "my_destination_cobra" {
  configuration = {
    client_id                     = "...my_client_id..."
    client_secret                 = "...my_client_secret..."
    is_sandbox                    = true
    print_record_content_on_error = false
    refresh_token                 = "...my_refresh_token..."
    stream_mappings = [
      {
        destination_table = "...my_destination_table..."
        source_stream     = "...my_source_stream..."
        update_mode       = "DELETE"
        upsert_key        = "...my_upsert_key..."
      }
    ]
    stream_order = [
      "..."
    ]
  }
  definition_id = "639ce355-2f32-46fc-b636-542060b9a351"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  workspace_id  = "7743f23f-cbcc-4682-9621-edebf51717cf"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the destination e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.destinationType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `destination_id` (String)
- `destination_type` (String)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) Enter your Salesforce developer application's <a href="https://developer.salesforce.com/forums/?id=9062I000000DLgbQAG">Client ID</a>
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Enter your Salesforce developer application's <a href="https://developer.salesforce.com/forums/?id=9062I000000DLgbQAG">Client secret</a>
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) Enter your application's <a href="https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.mobile_sdk.meta/mobile_sdk/oauth_refresh_token_flow.htm">Salesforce Refresh Token</a> used for Airbyte to access your Salesforce account.

Optional:

- `is_sandbox` (Boolean) Toggle if you're using a <a href="https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.deploy_sandboxes_parent.htm&type=5">Salesforce Sandbox</a>. Default: false
- `print_record_content_on_error` (Boolean) If enabled, the records content will be printed as part of the log in case of failure which allows for easier debugging. Default: false
- `stream_mappings` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--stream_mappings))
- `stream_order` (List of String) The order in which the streams should be synced. Streams are synced in the order they are listed. Only those streams will be synced so make sure all the input streams are configured here.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--stream_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.stream_mappings`

Required:

- `destination_table` (String) The name for the table to update the data in the destination.
- `source_stream` (String) The name for the input stream.
- `update_mode` (String) How to update the data in the destination. must be one of ["INSERT", "UPDATE", "UPSERT", "DELETE"]

Optional:

- `upsert_key` (String) Given the operation is an upsert, a field representing an external ID needs to be provided



<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs. must be one of ["get_spec", "check_connection", "discover_schema", "sync", "reset_connection", "connection_updater", "replicate"]
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_destination_cobra.my_airbyte_destination_cobra ""
```
