---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_gitlab Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceGitlab Resource
---

# airbyte_source_gitlab (Resource)

SourceGitlab Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_gitlab" "my_source_gitlab" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    api_url               = "gitlab.com"
    credentials = {
      private_token = {
        access_token = "...my_access_token..."
      }
    }
    groups = "airbyte.io"
    groups_list = [
      "..."
    ]
    projects = "airbyte.io/documentation"
    projects_list = [
      "..."
    ]
    start_date = "2021-03-01T00:00:00Z"
  }
  definition_id = "b72494c1-07fe-419b-9b4c-5841c8430c2c"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "ba2d75f3-474c-4f0b-8254-abc13264e426"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `api_url` (String) Please enter your basic URL from GitLab instance. Default: "gitlab.com"
- `groups` (String) [DEPRECATED] Space-delimited list of groups. e.g. airbyte.io.
- `groups_list` (List of String) List of groups. e.g. airbyte.io.
- `projects` (String) [DEPRECATED] Space-delimited list of projects. e.g. airbyte.io/documentation meltano/tap-gitlab.
- `projects_list` (List of String) Space-delimited list of projects. e.g. airbyte.io/documentation meltano/tap-gitlab.
- `start_date` (String) The date from which you'd like to replicate data for GitLab API, in the format YYYY-MM-DDT00:00:00Z. Optional. If not set, all data will be replicated. All data generated after this date will be replicated.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `o_auth20` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20))
- `private_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--private_token))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.o_auth20`

Required:

- `access_token` (String) Access Token for making authenticated requests.
- `client_id` (String) The API ID of the Gitlab developer application.
- `client_secret` (String) The API Secret the Gitlab developer application.
- `refresh_token` (String) The key to refresh the expired access_token.
- `token_expiry_date` (String) The date-time when the access token should be refreshed.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--private_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.private_token`

Required:

- `access_token` (String) Log into your Gitlab account and then generate a personal Access Token.




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_gitlab.my_airbyte_source_gitlab
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_gitlab.my_airbyte_source_gitlab "..."
```
