---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_quickbooks Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceQuickbooks Resource
---

# airbyte_source_quickbooks (Resource)

SourceQuickbooks Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_quickbooks" "my_source_quickbooks" {
  configuration = {
    access_token          = "...my_access_token..."
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    client_id             = "...my_client_id..."
    client_secret         = "...my_client_secret..."
    realm_id              = "...my_realm_id..."
    refresh_token         = "...my_refresh_token..."
    sandbox               = true
    start_date            = "2021-03-20T00:00:00Z"
    token_expiry_date     = "2022-09-21T20:04:23.212Z"
  }
  definition_id = "c133ff2e-7e08-4e71-ae0a-17bbfa4a6a9d"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "2be97070-b111-42de-bb0f-eafb0a382554"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `access_token` (String) Access token for making authenticated requests.
- `client_id` (String) Identifies which app is making the request. Obtain this value from the Keys tab on the app profile via My Apps on the developer site. There are two versions of this key: development and production.
- `client_secret` (String) Obtain this value from the Keys tab on the app profile via My Apps on the developer site. There are two versions of this key: development and production.
- `realm_id` (String) Labeled Company ID. The Make API Calls panel is populated with the realm id and the current access token.
- `refresh_token` (String) A token used when refreshing the access token.
- `start_date` (String) The default value to use if no bookmark exists for an endpoint (rfc3339 date string). E.g, 2021-03-20T00:00:00Z. Any data before this date will not be replicated.
- `token_expiry_date` (String) The date-time when the access token should be refreshed.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `sandbox` (Boolean) Determines whether to use the sandbox or production environment. Default: false


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_quickbooks.my_airbyte_source_quickbooks
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_quickbooks.my_airbyte_source_quickbooks "..."
```
