---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_amplitude Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceAmplitude Resource
---

# airbyte_source_amplitude (Resource)

SourceAmplitude Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_amplitude" "my_source_amplitude" {
  configuration = {
    active_users_group_by_country = true
    additional_properties         = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    api_key                       = "...my_api_key..."
    data_region                   = "Standard Server"
    request_time_range            = 8259
    secret_key                    = "...my_secret_key..."
    start_date                    = "2021-01-25T00:00:00Z"
  }
  definition_id = "b1aed4fb-ea82-4954-b53a-577cd7c2a238"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "a45cdcfa-7473-46e2-9daa-761557fbd83d"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Amplitude API Key. See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/amplitude#setup-guide">setup guide</a> for more information on how to obtain this key.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) Amplitude Secret Key. See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/amplitude#setup-guide">setup guide</a> for more information on how to obtain this key.
- `start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2021-01-25T00:00:00Z. Any data before this date will not be replicated.

Optional:

- `active_users_group_by_country` (Boolean) According to <a href="https://amplitude.com/docs/apis/analytics/dashboard-rest#query-parameters">Amplitude documentation</a>, grouping by `Country` is optional. If you face issues fetching the stream or checking the connection please set this field to `False`. Default: true
- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `data_region` (String) Amplitude data region server. Default: "Standard Server"; must be one of ["Standard Server", "EU Residency Server"]
- `request_time_range` (Number) According to <a href="https://www.docs.developers.amplitude.com/analytics/apis/export-api/#considerations">Considerations</a> too large of a time range in te request can cause a timeout error. In this case, please provide a shorter time interval in hours. Default: 24


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_amplitude.my_airbyte_source_amplitude
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_amplitude.my_airbyte_source_amplitude "..."
```
