---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_redshift Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceRedshift Resource
---

# airbyte_source_redshift (Resource)

SourceRedshift Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_redshift" "my_source_redshift" {
  configuration = {
    database        = "master"
    host            = "...my_host..."
    jdbc_url_params = "...my_jdbc_url_params..."
    password        = "...my_password..."
    port            = 5439
    schemas = [
    ]
    username = "...my_username..."
  }
  definition_id = "e25148e3-3c6f-4e5f-88e2-c90d1e9f9593"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "84353b00-31b2-4302-bdea-2a56e10ac383"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `database` (String) Name of the database.
- `host` (String) Host Endpoint of the Redshift Cluster (must include the cluster-id, region and end with .redshift.amazonaws.com).
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password associated with the username.
- `username` (String) Username to use to access the database.

Optional:

- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database formatted as 'key=value' pairs separated by the symbol '&'. (example: key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3).
- `port` (Number) Port of the database. Default: 5439
- `schemas` (List of String) The list of schemas to sync from. Specify one or more explicitly or keep empty to process all schemas. Schema names are case sensitive.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs. must be one of ["get_spec", "check_connection", "discover_schema", "sync", "reset_connection", "connection_updater", "replicate"]
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_redshift.my_airbyte_source_redshift ""
```
