---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_teradata Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceTeradata Resource
---

# airbyte_source_teradata (Resource)

SourceTeradata Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_teradata" "my_source_teradata" {
  configuration = {
    database           = "...my_database..."
    host               = "...my_host..."
    jdbc_url_params    = "...my_jdbc_url_params..."
    password           = "...my_password..."
    port               = 1025
    replication_method = "CDC"
    ssl                = true
    ssl_mode = {
      # ...
    }
    username = "...my_username..."
  }
  definition_id = "ba7db100-1b70-4798-90da-5dbf4f3d5f37"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "5007da20-61c2-4f7a-8699-e96db6947367"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `database` (String) Name of the database.
- `host` (String) Hostname of the database.
- `username` (String) Username to use to access the database.

Optional:

- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database formatted as 'key=value' pairs separated by the symbol '&'. (example: key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3)
- `password` (String) Password associated with the username.
- `port` (Number) Port of the database. Default: 1025
- `replication_method` (String) Replication method to use for extracting data from the database. STANDARD replication requires no setup on the DB side but will not be able to represent deletions incrementally. CDC uses the Binlog to detect inserts, updates, and deletes. This needs to be configured on the source database itself. Default: "STANDARD"; must be one of ["STANDARD", "CDC"]
- `ssl` (Boolean) Encrypt data using SSL. When activating SSL, please select one of the connection modes. Default: false
- `ssl_mode` (Attributes) SSL connection modes. 
 <b>disable</b> - Chose this mode to disable encryption of communication between Airbyte and destination database
 <b>allow</b> - Chose this mode to enable encryption only when required by the destination database
 <b>prefer</b> - Chose this mode to allow unencrypted connection only if the destination database does not support encryption
 <b>require</b> - Chose this mode to always require encryption. If the destination database server does not support encryption, connection will fail
  <b>verify-ca</b> - Chose this mode to always require encryption and to verify that the destination database server has a valid SSL certificate
  <b>verify-full</b> - This is the most secure mode. Chose this mode to always require encryption and to verify the identity of the destination database server
 See more information - <a href="https://teradata-docs.s3.amazonaws.com/doc/connectivity/jdbc/reference/current/jdbcug_chapter_2.html#URL_SSLMODE"> in the docs</a>. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode`

Optional:

- `allow` (Attributes) Allow SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--allow))
- `disable` (Attributes) Disable SSL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--disable))
- `prefer` (Attributes) Prefer SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--prefer))
- `require` (Attributes) Require SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--require))
- `verify_ca` (Attributes) Verify-ca SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_ca))
- `verify_full` (Attributes) Verify-full SSL mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_full))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--allow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.allow`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--disable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.disable`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--prefer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.prefer`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--require"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.require`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.verify_ca`

Required:

- `ssl_ca_certificate` (String) Specifies the file name of a PEM file that contains Certificate Authority (CA) certificates for use with SSLMODE=verify-ca.
 See more information - <a href="https://teradata-docs.s3.amazonaws.com/doc/connectivity/jdbc/reference/current/jdbcug_chapter_2.html#URL_SSLCA"> in the docs</a>.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_full"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.verify_full`

Required:

- `ssl_ca_certificate` (String) Specifies the file name of a PEM file that contains Certificate Authority (CA) certificates for use with SSLMODE=verify-full.
 See more information - <a href="https://teradata-docs.s3.amazonaws.com/doc/connectivity/jdbc/reference/current/jdbcug_chapter_2.html#URL_SSLCA"> in the docs</a>.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_teradata.my_airbyte_source_teradata
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_teradata.my_airbyte_source_teradata "..."
```
