---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_elasticsearch Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceElasticsearch Resource
---

# airbyte_source_elasticsearch (Resource)

SourceElasticsearch Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_elasticsearch" "my_source_elasticsearch" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    authentication_method = {
      username_password = {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        password              = "...my_password..."
        username              = "...my_username..."
      }
    }
    endpoint = "...my_endpoint..."
  }
  definition_id = "d56c8566-a458-4025-bfb2-f47a203393a6"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "48579a73-be0a-47d3-ac3f-4830e3574097"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) The full url of the Elasticsearch server

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `authentication_method` (Attributes) The type of authentication to be used (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.authentication_method`

Optional:

- `api_key_secret` (Attributes) Use a api key and secret combination to authenticate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method--api_key_secret))
- `none` (Attributes) No authentication will be used (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method--none))
- `username_password` (Attributes) Basic auth header with a username and password (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method--username_password))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method--api_key_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.authentication_method.api_key_secret`

Required:

- `api_key_id` (String) The Key ID to used when accessing an enterprise Elasticsearch instance.
- `api_key_secret` (String, Sensitive) The secret associated with the API Key ID.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method--none"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.authentication_method.none`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method--username_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.authentication_method.username_password`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Basic auth password to access a secure Elasticsearch server
- `username` (String) Basic auth username to access a secure Elasticsearch server

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_elasticsearch.my_airbyte_source_elasticsearch
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_elasticsearch.my_airbyte_source_elasticsearch "..."
```
