---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_amazon_seller_partner Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceAmazonSellerPartner Resource
---

# airbyte_source_amazon_seller_partner (Resource)

SourceAmazonSellerPartner Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_amazon_seller_partner" "my_source_amazonsellerpartner" {
  configuration = {
    advanced_stream_options = "{\"GET_SOME_REPORT\": {\"custom\": \"true\"}}"
    aws_access_key          = "...my_aws_access_key..."
    aws_environment         = "SANDBOX"
    aws_secret_key          = "...my_aws_secret_key..."
    lwa_app_id              = "...my_lwa_app_id..."
    lwa_client_secret       = "...my_lwa_client_secret..."
    max_wait_seconds        = 500
    period_in_days          = 1
    refresh_token           = "...my_refresh_token..."
    region                  = "IT"
    replication_end_date    = "2017-01-25T00:00:00Z"
    replication_start_date  = "2017-01-25T00:00:00Z"
    report_options          = "{\"GET_SOME_REPORT\": {\"custom\": \"true\"}}"
    role_arn                = "...my_role_arn..."
  }
  name         = "Linda Kutch"
  secret_id    = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id = "58c67348-eaa4-4356-b389-ad49dbc4fabb"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `lwa_app_id` (String) Your Login with Amazon Client ID.
- `lwa_client_secret` (String) Your Login with Amazon Client Secret.
- `refresh_token` (String) The Refresh Token obtained via OAuth flow authorization.
- `replication_start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2017-01-25T00:00:00Z. Any data before this date will not be replicated.

Optional:

- `advanced_stream_options` (String) Additional information to configure report options. This varies by report type, not every report implement this kind of feature. Must be a valid json string.
- `aws_access_key` (String) Specifies the AWS access key used as part of the credentials to authenticate the user.
- `aws_environment` (String) must be one of ["PRODUCTION", "SANDBOX"]; Default: "PRODUCTION"
Select the AWS Environment.
- `aws_secret_key` (String) Specifies the AWS secret key used as part of the credentials to authenticate the user.
- `max_wait_seconds` (Number) Default: 500
Sometimes report can take up to 30 minutes to generate. This will set the limit for how long to wait for a successful report.
- `period_in_days` (Number) Default: 90
Will be used for stream slicing for initial full_refresh sync when no updated state is present for reports that support sliced incremental sync.
- `region` (String) must be one of ["AE", "AU", "BE", "BR", "CA", "DE", "EG", "ES", "FR", "GB", "IN", "IT", "JP", "MX", "NL", "PL", "SA", "SE", "SG", "TR", "UK", "US"]; Default: "US"
Select the AWS Region.
- `replication_end_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2017-01-25T00:00:00Z. Any data after this date will not be replicated.
- `report_options` (String) Additional information passed to reports. This varies by report type. Must be a valid json string.
- `role_arn` (String) Specifies the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM role that you want to use to perform operations requested using this profile. (Needs permission to 'Assume Role' STS).


