---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_polygon_stock_api Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourcePolygonStockAPI Resource
---

# airbyte_source_polygon_stock_api (Resource)

SourcePolygonStockAPI Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_polygon_stock_api" "my_source_polygonstockapi" {
  configuration = {
    adjusted      = "true"
    api_key       = "...my_api_key..."
    end_date      = "2020-10-14"
    limit         = 100
    multiplier    = 1
    sort          = "asc"
    start_date    = "2020-10-14"
    stocks_ticker = "IBM"
    timespan      = "day"
  }
  definition_id = "4b695283-4e49-4369-9fc3-8a9878680f1b"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "107f0754-ac3a-433a-939c-817661495e42"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Your API ACCESS Key
- `end_date` (String) The target date for the aggregate window.
- `multiplier` (Number) The size of the timespan multiplier.
- `start_date` (String) The beginning date for the aggregate window.
- `stocks_ticker` (String) The exchange symbol that this item is traded under.
- `timespan` (String) The size of the time window.

Optional:

- `adjusted` (String) Determines whether or not the results are adjusted for splits. By default, results are adjusted and set to true. Set this to false to get results that are NOT adjusted for splits.
- `limit` (Number) The target date for the aggregate window.
- `sort` (String) Sort the results by timestamp. asc will return results in ascending order (oldest at the top), desc will return results in descending order (newest at the top).


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs. must be one of ["get_spec", "check_connection", "discover_schema", "sync", "reset_connection", "connection_updater", "replicate"]
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_polygon_stock_api.my_airbyte_source_polygon_stock_api ""
```
