---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_oracle_enterprise Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceOracleEnterprise Resource
---

# airbyte_source_oracle_enterprise (Resource)

SourceOracleEnterprise Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_oracle_enterprise" "my_source_oracleenterprise" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties              = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    check_privileges                   = false
    checkpoint_target_interval_seconds = 3
    concurrency                        = 1
    connection_data = {
      service_name = {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        connection_type       = "service_name"
        service_name          = "...my_service_name..."
      }
    }
    cursor = {
      read_changes_using_change_data_capture_cdc = {
        additional_properties                = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        cursor_method                        = "cdc"
        debezium_shutdown_timeout_seconds    = 4
        initial_load_timeout_hours           = 6
        invalid_cdc_cursor_position_behavior = "Re-sync data"
      }
    }
    encryption = {
      unencrypted = {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        encryption_method     = "unencrypted"
      }
    }
    host            = "...my_host..."
    jdbc_url_params = "...my_jdbc_url_params..."
    password        = "...my_password..."
    port            = 59972
    schemas = [
      "..."
    ]
    table_filters = [
      {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        schema_name           = "...my_schema_name..."
        table_name_patterns = [
          "..."
        ]
      }
    ]
    tunnel_method = {
      password_authentication = {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        tunnel_host           = "...my_tunnel_host..."
        tunnel_method         = "SSH_PASSWORD_AUTH"
        tunnel_port           = 8636
        tunnel_user           = "...my_tunnel_user..."
        tunnel_user_password  = "...my_tunnel_user_password..."
      }
    }
    username = "...my_username..."
  }
  definition_id = "f5de1b25-34d6-4890-aabc-b81b1dcc0212"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "a58273eb-3c83-4b89-b731-736acd84bdaa"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "196a42fc-39f2-473f-88ff-d68b2ea702e9"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `connection_data` (Attributes) The scheme by which to establish a database connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--connection_data))
- `cursor` (Attributes) Configures how data is extracted from the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--cursor))
- `encryption` (Attributes) The encryption method with is used when communicating with the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--encryption))
- `host` (String) Hostname of the database.
- `tunnel_method` (Attributes) Whether to initiate an SSH tunnel before connecting to the database, and if so, which kind of authentication to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method))
- `username` (String) The username which is used to access the database.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `check_privileges` (Boolean) When this feature is enabled, during schema discovery the connector will query each table or view individually to check access privileges and inaccessible tables, views, or columns therein will be removed. In large schemas, this might cause schema discovery to take too long, in which case it might be advisable to disable this feature. Default: true
- `checkpoint_target_interval_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) a stream should checkpoint, when possible. Default: 300
- `concurrency` (Number) Maximum number of concurrent queries to the database. Default: 1
- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database formatted as 'key=value' pairs separated by the symbol '&'. (example: key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3).
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password associated with the username.
- `port` (Number) Port of the database.
Oracle Corporations recommends the following port numbers:
1521 - Default listening port for client connections to the listener. 
2484 - Recommended and officially registered listening port for client connections to the listener using TCP/IP with SSL.
Default: 1521
- `schemas` (List of String) The list of schemas to sync from. Defaults to user. Case sensitive.
- `table_filters` (Attributes List) Inclusion filters for table selection per schema. If no filters are specified for a schema, all tables in that schema will be synced. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--table_filters))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--connection_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.connection_data`

Optional:

- `service_name` (Attributes) Use service name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--connection_data--service_name))
- `system_idsid` (Attributes) Use Oracle System Identifier. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--connection_data--system_idsid))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--connection_data--service_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.connection_data.service_name`

Required:

- `service_name` (String)

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `connection_type` (String) Default: "service_name"; must be "service_name"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--connection_data--system_idsid"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.connection_data.system_idsid`

Required:

- `sid` (String)

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `connection_type` (String) Default: "sid"; must be "sid"



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--cursor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.cursor`

Optional:

- `read_changes_using_change_data_capture_cdc` (Attributes) <i>Recommended</i> - Incrementally reads new inserts, updates, and deletes using Oracle's <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/enterprise-connectors/source-oracle#getting-started"> change data capture feature</a>. This must be enabled on your database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--cursor--read_changes_using_change_data_capture_cdc))
- `scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor` (Attributes) Incrementally detects new inserts and updates using the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/connections/incremental-append/#user-defined-cursor">cursor column</a> chosen when configuring a connection (e.g. created_at, updated_at). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--cursor--scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--cursor--read_changes_using_change_data_capture_cdc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.cursor.read_changes_using_change_data_capture_cdc`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `cursor_method` (String) Default: "cdc"; must be "cdc"
- `debezium_shutdown_timeout_seconds` (Number) The amount of time to allow the Debezium Engine to shut down, in seconds. Default: 60
- `initial_load_timeout_hours` (Number) The amount of time an initial load is allowed to continue for before catching up on CDC events. Default: 8
- `invalid_cdc_cursor_position_behavior` (String) Determines whether Airbyte should fail or re-sync data in case of an stale/invalid cursor value in the mined logs. If 'Fail sync' is chosen, a user will have to manually reset the connection before being able to continue syncing data. If 'Re-sync data' is chosen, Airbyte will automatically trigger a refresh but could lead to higher cloud costs and data loss. Default: "Fail sync"; must be one of ["Fail sync", "Re-sync data"]


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--cursor--scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.cursor.scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `cursor_method` (String) Default: "user_defined"; must be "user_defined"



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.encryption`

Optional:

- `native_network_encryption_nne` (Attributes) The native network encryption gives you the ability to encrypt database connections, without the configuration overhead of TCP/IP and SSL/TLS and without the need to open and listen on different ports. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--encryption--native_network_encryption_nne))
- `tls_encrypted_verify_certificate` (Attributes) Verify and use the certificate provided by the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--encryption--tls_encrypted_verify_certificate))
- `unencrypted` (Attributes) Data transfer will not be encrypted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--encryption--unencrypted))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--encryption--native_network_encryption_nne"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.encryption.native_network_encryption_nne`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `encryption_algorithm` (String) This parameter defines what encryption algorithm is used. Default: "AES256"; must be one of ["AES256", "AES192", "AES128", "3DES168", "3DES112", "DES"]
- `encryption_method` (String) Default: "client_nne"; must be "client_nne"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--encryption--tls_encrypted_verify_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.encryption.tls_encrypted_verify_certificate`

Required:

- `ssl_certificate` (String, Sensitive) Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM) files are concatenated certificate containers frequently used in certificate installations.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `encryption_method` (String) Default: "encrypted_verify_certificate"; must be "encrypted_verify_certificate"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--encryption--unencrypted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.encryption.unencrypted`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `encryption_method` (String) Default: "unencrypted"; must be "unencrypted"



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method`

Optional:

- `no_tunnel` (Attributes) No ssh tunnel needed to connect to database (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel))
- `password_authentication` (Attributes) Connect through a jump server tunnel host using username and password authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication))
- `ssh_key_authentication` (Attributes) Connect through a jump server tunnel host using username and ssh key (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.no_tunnel`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `tunnel_method` (String) Default: "NO_TUNNEL"; must be "NO_TUNNEL"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.password_authentication`

Required:

- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host
- `tunnel_user_password` (String, Sensitive) OS-level password for logging into the jump server host

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `tunnel_method` (String) Default: "SSH_PASSWORD_AUTH"; must be "SSH_PASSWORD_AUTH"
- `tunnel_port` (Number) Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections. Default: 22


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.ssh_key_authentication`

Required:

- `ssh_key` (String, Sensitive) OS-level user account ssh key credentials in RSA PEM format ( created with ssh-keygen -t rsa -m PEM -f myuser_rsa )
- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `tunnel_method` (String) Default: "SSH_KEY_AUTH"; must be "SSH_KEY_AUTH"
- `tunnel_port` (Number) Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections. Default: 22



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--table_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.table_filters`

Required:

- `schema_name` (String) The name of the schema to apply this filter to. Should match a schema defined in "Schemas" field above.
- `table_name_patterns` (List of String) List of table name patterns to include from this schema. Should be a SQL LIKE pattern.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.



<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_oracle_enterprise.my_airbyte_source_oracle_enterprise
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_oracle_enterprise.my_airbyte_source_oracle_enterprise "..."
```
