---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_fauna Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceFauna Resource
---

# airbyte_source_fauna (Resource)

SourceFauna Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_fauna" "my_source_fauna" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    collection = {
      deletions = {
        enabled = {
          column = "...my_column..."
        }
      }
      page_size = 2
    }
    domain = "...my_domain..."
    port   = 3
    scheme = "...my_scheme..."
    secret = "...my_secret..."
  }
  definition_id = "7da8a804-135a-42a9-9fae-e38938f1ebbf"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "82a1bb0b-2686-4b4c-86cd-84520efe37b7"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `secret` (String, Sensitive) Fauna secret, used when authenticating with the database.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `collection` (Attributes) Settings for the Fauna Collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--collection))
- `domain` (String) Domain of Fauna to query. Defaults db.fauna.com. See <a href=https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/learn/understanding/region_groups#how-to-use-region-groups>the docs</a>. Default: "db.fauna.com"
- `port` (Number) Endpoint port. Default: 443
- `scheme` (String) URL scheme. Default: "https"

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.collection`

Required:

- `deletions` (Attributes) <b>This only applies to incremental syncs.</b> <br> Enabling deletion mode informs your destination of deleted documents.<br> Disabled - Leave this feature disabled, and ignore deleted documents.<br> Enabled - Enables this feature. When a document is deleted, the connector exports a record with a "deleted at" column containing the time that the document was deleted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--collection--deletions))

Optional:

- `page_size` (Number) The page size used when reading documents from the database. The larger the page size, the faster the connector processes documents. However, if a page is too large, the connector may fail. <br> Choose your page size based on how large the documents are. <br> See <a href="https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/learn/understanding/types#page">the docs</a>. Default: 64

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--collection--deletions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.collection.deletions`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--collection--deletions--disabled))
- `enabled` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--collection--deletions--enabled))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--collection--deletions--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.collection.deletions.disabled`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--collection--deletions--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.collection.deletions.enabled`

Optional:

- `column` (String) Name of the "deleted at" column. Default: "deleted_at"





<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_fauna.my_airbyte_source_fauna
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_fauna.my_airbyte_source_fauna "..."
```
