---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_nasa Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceNasa Resource
---

# airbyte_source_nasa (Resource)

SourceNasa Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_nasa" "my_source_nasa" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    api_key               = "...my_api_key..."
    concept_tags          = false
    count                 = 93
    end_date              = "2022-10-20"
    start_date            = "2022-10-20"
    thumbs                = false
  }
  definition_id = "93590b9d-1655-48aa-8785-d58907260d78"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "5ecbeb7a-01f7-4d75-abde-9e3c07f8aaf8"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API access key used to retrieve data from the NASA APOD API.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `concept_tags` (Boolean) Indicates whether concept tags should be returned with the rest of the response.  The concept tags are not necessarily included in the explanation, but rather derived from common search tags that are associated with the description text. (Better than just pure text search.) Defaults to False. Default: false
- `count` (Number) A positive integer, no greater than 100. If this is specified then `count` randomly  chosen images will be returned in a JSON array. Cannot be used in conjunction with  `date` or `start_date` and `end_date`.
- `end_date` (String) Indicates that end of a date range. If `start_date` is specified without an `end_date` then `end_date` defaults to the current date.
- `start_date` (String) Indicates the start of a date range. All images in the range from `start_date` to  `end_date` will be returned in a JSON array. Must be after 1995-06-16, the first day an APOD picture was posted. There are no images for tomorrow available through this API.
- `thumbs` (Boolean) Indicates whether the API should return a thumbnail image URL for video files. If set to True, the API returns URL of video thumbnail. If an APOD is not a video, this parameter is ignored. Default: false


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_nasa.my_airbyte_source_nasa
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_nasa.my_airbyte_source_nasa "..."
```
