---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_serpstat Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceSerpstat Resource
---

# airbyte_source_serpstat (Resource)

SourceSerpstat Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_serpstat" "my_source_serpstat" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    api_key               = "...my_api_key..."
    domain                = "...my_domain..."
    domains = [
      "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    ]
    filter_by      = "...my_filter_by..."
    filter_value   = "...my_filter_value..."
    page_size      = 0
    pages_to_fetch = 5
    region_id      = "...my_region_id..."
    sort_by        = "...my_sort_by..."
    sort_value     = "...my_sort_value..."
  }
  definition_id = "d053b361-0135-4fe9-a99e-37ce6ddcd0f0"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "5d8f700d-5d91-4270-a3d2-4196dea7e14e"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Serpstat API key can be found here: https://serpstat.com/users/profile/

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `domain` (String) The domain name to get data for (ex. serpstat.com). Default: "serpstat.com"
- `domains` (List of String) The list of domains that will be used in streams that support batch operations
- `filter_by` (String) The field name by which the results should be filtered. Filtering the results will result in fewer API credits spent. Each stream has different filtering options. See https://serpstat.com/api/ for more details.
- `filter_value` (String) The value of the field to filter by. Each stream has different filtering options. See https://serpstat.com/api/ for more details.
- `page_size` (Number) The number of data rows per page to be returned. Each data row can contain multiple data points. The max value is 1000. Reducing the size of the page will result in fewer API credits spent. Default: 10
- `pages_to_fetch` (Number) The number of pages that should be fetched. All results will be obtained if left blank. Reducing the number of pages will result in fewer API credits spent. Default: 1
- `region_id` (String) The ID of a region to get data from in the form of a two-letter country code prepended with the g_ prefix. See the list of supported region IDs here: https://serpstat.com/api/664-request-parameters-v4/. Default: "g_us"
- `sort_by` (String) The field name by which the results should be sorted. Each stream has different sorting options. See https://serpstat.com/api/ for more details.
- `sort_value` (String) The value of the field to sort by. Each stream has different sorting options. See https://serpstat.com/api/ for more details.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_serpstat.my_airbyte_source_serpstat
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_serpstat.my_airbyte_source_serpstat "..."
```
