---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_box_data_extract Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceBoxDataExtract Resource
---

# airbyte_source_box_data_extract (Resource)

SourceBoxDataExtract Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_box_data_extract" "my_source_boxdataextract" {
  configuration = {
    ask_ai_prompt                = "...my_ask_ai_prompt..."
    box_folder_id                = "...my_box_folder_id..."
    box_subject_id               = "...my_box_subject_id..."
    box_subject_type             = "enterprise"
    client_id                    = "...my_client_id..."
    client_secret                = "...my_client_secret..."
    extract_ai_prompt            = "...my_extract_ai_prompt..."
    extract_structured_ai_fields = "...my_extract_structured_ai_fields..."
    is_recursive                 = false
  }
  definition_id = "2fe216f8-7e77-4ef5-908e-5f6620193a57"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "ec59570c-219e-4518-acee-2eb6f99af4dd"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `box_folder_id` (String) Folder to retreive data from.
- `box_subject_id` (String) If subject type is "enterprise", use your enterprise ID If subject type is "user", use the user id to login as.
- `box_subject_type` (String) Represents the type of user to login as ("user" or "enterprise"). Enterprise will login with the application service account. User will login with the user if app can impersonate users. must be one of ["user", "enterprise"]
- `client_id` (String) You Box App client ID. Find yours in the <a href="https://app.box.com/developers/console">developer console</a>.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) You Box App client secret. Find yours in the <a href="https://app.box.com/developers/console">developer console</a>.
- `is_recursive` (Boolean) Read the folders recursively.

Optional:

- `ask_ai_prompt` (String) Prompt to use in Ask AI Stream.
- `extract_ai_prompt` (String) Prompt to use in Extract AI Stream.
- `extract_structured_ai_fields` (String) Prompt to use in Extract Strctured AI Stream.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_box_data_extract.my_airbyte_source_box_data_extract
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_box_data_extract.my_airbyte_source_box_data_extract "..."
```
