---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_google_search_console Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceGoogleSearchConsole Resource
---

# airbyte_source_google_search_console (Resource)

SourceGoogleSearchConsole Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_google_search_console" "my_source_googlesearchconsole" {
  configuration = {
    always_use_aggregation_type_auto = false
    authorization = {
      service_account_key_authentication = {
        email                = "...my_email..."
        service_account_info = "{ \"type\": \"service_account\", \"project_id\": YOUR_PROJECT_ID, \"private_key_id\": YOUR_PRIVATE_KEY, ... }"
      }
    }
    custom_reports = "...my_custom_reports..."
    custom_reports_array = [
      {
        dimensions = [
        ]
        name = "...my_name..."
      }
    ]
    data_state          = "final"
    end_date            = "2021-12-12"
    num_workers         = 30
    requests_per_minute = 60
    site_urls = [
      "..."
    ]
    start_date = "2022-02-19"
  }
  definition_id = "38737380-4b05-400b-8478-4fc78e02be0f"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "6406adf4-523d-4b9e-8f60-e386f18bd02c"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `authorization` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--authorization))
- `site_urls` (List of String) The URLs of the website property attached to your GSC account. Learn more about properties <a href="https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/34592?hl=en">here</a>.

Optional:

- `always_use_aggregation_type_auto` (Boolean) Some search analytics streams fail with a 400 error if the specified `aggregationType` is not supported. This is customer implementation dependent and if this error is encountered, enable this setting which will override the existing `aggregationType` to use `auto` which should resolve the stream errors. Default: false
- `custom_reports` (String) (DEPRCATED) A JSON array describing the custom reports you want to sync from Google Search Console. See our <a href='https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/google-search-console'>documentation</a> for more information on formulating custom reports.
- `custom_reports_array` (Attributes List) You can add your Custom Analytics report by creating one. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--custom_reports_array))
- `data_state` (String) If set to 'final', the returned data will include only finalized, stable data. If set to 'all', fresh data will be included. When using Incremental sync mode, we do not recommend setting this parameter to 'all' as it may cause data loss. More information can be found in our <a href='https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/source/google-search-console'>full documentation</a>. Default: "final"; must be one of ["final", "all"]
- `end_date` (String) UTC date in the format YYYY-MM-DD. Any data created after this date will not be replicated. Must be greater or equal to the start date field. Leaving this field blank will replicate all data from the start date onward.
- `num_workers` (Number) The number of worker threads to use for the sync. For more details on Google Search Console rate limits, refer to the <a href="https://developers.google.com/webmaster-tools/limits">docs</a>. Default: 40
- `requests_per_minute` (Number) The maximum number of requests per minute for Search Analytics API calls. The default (1200) matches Google's documented maximum quota. If you are experiencing rate limit errors, you may need to lower this value. Most new Google Cloud projects start with a quota of 60 requests per minute. Check your Google Cloud Console quotas to see your actual limit. Default: 1200
- `start_date` (String) UTC date in the format YYYY-MM-DD. Any data before this date will not be replicated. Default: "2021-01-01"

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.authorization`

Optional:

- `o_auth` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--authorization--o_auth))
- `service_account_key_authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--authorization--service_account_key_authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--authorization--o_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.authorization.o_auth`

Required:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) The client ID of your Google Search Console developer application. Read more <a href="https://developers.google.com/webmaster-tools/v1/how-tos/authorizing">here</a>.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret of your Google Search Console developer application. Read more <a href="https://developers.google.com/webmaster-tools/v1/how-tos/authorizing">here</a>.
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) The token for obtaining a new access token. Read more <a href="https://developers.google.com/webmaster-tools/v1/how-tos/authorizing">here</a>.

Optional:

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) Access token for making authenticated requests. Read more <a href="https://developers.google.com/webmaster-tools/v1/how-tos/authorizing">here</a>.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--authorization--service_account_key_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.authorization.service_account_key_authentication`

Required:

- `email` (String) The email of the user which has permissions to access the Google Workspace Admin APIs.
- `service_account_info` (String, Sensitive) The JSON key of the service account to use for authorization. Read more <a href="https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-account-keys">here</a>.



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--custom_reports_array"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.custom_reports_array`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the custom report, this name would be used as stream name

Optional:

- `dimensions` (List of String) A list of available dimensions. Please note, that for technical reasons `date` is the default dimension which will be included in your query whether you specify it or not. Primary key will consist of your custom dimensions and the default dimension along with `site_url` and `search_type`. Default: ["date"]



<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_google_search_console.my_airbyte_source_google_search_console
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_google_search_console.my_airbyte_source_google_search_console "..."
```
