---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_gutendex Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceGutendex Resource
---

# airbyte_source_gutendex (Resource)

SourceGutendex Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_gutendex" "my_source_gutendex" {
  configuration = {
    author_year_end   = -500
    author_year_start = 2020
    copyright         = false
    languages         = "en"
    search            = "dickens%20great%20expect"
    sort              = "ascending"
    topic             = "children"
  }
  definition_id = "741fa85f-790e-4a62-807d-c3d6d966a992"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "abfa20fd-2d77-4fbf-ace1-fcc26e5c4f89"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `author_year_end` (String) (Optional) Defines the maximum birth year of the authors. Books by authors born after the end year will not be returned. Supports both positive (CE) or negative (BCE) integer values
- `author_year_start` (String) (Optional) Defines the minimum birth year of the authors. Books by authors born prior to the start year will not be returned. Supports both positive (CE) or negative (BCE) integer values
- `copyright` (String) (Optional) Use this to find books with a certain copyright status - true for books with existing copyrights, false for books in the public domain in the USA, or null for books with no available copyright information.
- `languages` (String) (Optional) Use this to find books in any of a list of languages. They must be comma-separated, two-character language codes.
- `search` (String) (Optional) Use this to search author names and book titles with given words. They must be separated by a space (i.e. %20 in URL-encoded format) and are case-insensitive.
- `sort` (String) (Optional) Use this to sort books - ascending for Project Gutenberg ID numbers from lowest to highest, descending for IDs highest to lowest, or popular (the default) for most popular to least popular by number of downloads.
- `topic` (String) (Optional) Use this to search for a case-insensitive key-phrase in books' bookshelves or subjects.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs. must be one of ["get_spec", "check_connection", "discover_schema", "sync", "reset_connection", "connection_updater", "replicate"]
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_gutendex.my_airbyte_source_gutendex ""
```
