---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_google_sheets Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceGoogleSheets Resource
---

# airbyte_source_google_sheets (Resource)

SourceGoogleSheets Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_google_sheets" "my_source_googlesheets" {
  configuration = {
    allow_leading_numbers       = true
    batch_size                  = 10
    combine_letter_number_pairs = false
    combine_number_word_pairs   = true
    credentials = {
      service_account_key_authentication = {
        service_account_info = "{ \"type\": \"service_account\", \"project_id\": YOUR_PROJECT_ID, \"private_key_id\": YOUR_PRIVATE_KEY, ... }"
      }
    }
    names_conversion                    = false
    remove_leading_trailing_underscores = true
    remove_special_characters           = false
    spreadsheet_id                      = "https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hLd9Qqti3UyLXZB2aFfUWDT7BG-arw2xy4HR3D-dwUb/edit"
    stream_name_overrides = [
      {
        custom_stream_name = "...my_custom_stream_name..."
        source_stream_name = "...my_source_stream_name..."
      }
    ]
  }
  definition_id = "8010dc77-56bf-4220-982b-1460e03dad99"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "6266806c-1cd7-4250-b2c6-f4ef1504f265"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `credentials` (Attributes) Credentials for connecting to the Google Sheets API (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `spreadsheet_id` (String) Enter the link to the Google spreadsheet you want to sync. To copy the link, click the 'Share' button in the top-right corner of the spreadsheet, then click 'Copy link'.

Optional:

- `allow_leading_numbers` (Boolean) Allows column names to start with numbers. Example: "50th Percentile" → "50_th_percentile" This option will only work if "Convert Column Names to SQL-Compliant Format (names_conversion)" is enabled. Default: false
- `batch_size` (Number) Default value is 1000000. An integer representing row batch size for each sent request to Google Sheets API. Row batch size means how many rows are processed from the google sheet, for example default value 1000000 would process rows 2-1000002, then 1000003-2000003 and so on. Based on <a href='https://developers.google.com/sheets/api/limits'>Google Sheets API limits documentation</a>, it is possible to send up to 300 requests per minute, but each individual request has to be processed under 180 seconds, otherwise the request returns a timeout error. In regards to this information, consider network speed and number of columns of the google sheet when deciding a batch_size value. Default: 1000000
- `combine_letter_number_pairs` (Boolean) Combines adjacent letters and numbers. Example: "Q3 2023" → "q3_2023" This option will only work if "Convert Column Names to SQL-Compliant Format (names_conversion)" is enabled. Default: false
- `combine_number_word_pairs` (Boolean) Combines adjacent numbers and words. Example: "50th Percentile?" → "_50th_percentile_" This option will only work if "Convert Column Names to SQL-Compliant Format (names_conversion)" is enabled. Default: false
- `names_conversion` (Boolean) Converts column names to a SQL-compliant format (snake_case, lowercase, etc). If enabled, you can further customize the sanitization using the options below. Default: false
- `remove_leading_trailing_underscores` (Boolean) Removes leading and trailing underscores from column names. Does not remove leading underscores from column names that start with a number. Example: "50th Percentile? "→ "_50_th_percentile" This option will only work if "Convert Column Names to SQL-Compliant Format (names_conversion)" is enabled. Default: false
- `remove_special_characters` (Boolean) Removes all special characters from column names. Example: "Example ID*" → "example_id" This option will only work if "Convert Column Names to SQL-Compliant Format (names_conversion)" is enabled. Default: false
- `stream_name_overrides` (Attributes List) **Overridden streams will default to Sync Mode: Full Refresh (Append), which does not support primary keys. If you want to use primary keys and deduplication, update the sync mode to "Full Refresh | Overwrite + Deduped" in your connection settings.**
Allows you to rename streams (Google Sheet tab names) as they appear in Airbyte. 
Each item should be an object with a `source_stream_name` (the exact name of the sheet/tab in your spreadsheet)  and a `custom_stream_name` (the name you want it to appear as in Airbyte and the destination).
If a `source_stream_name` is not found in your spreadsheet, it will be ignored and the default name will be used. This feature only affects stream (sheet/tab) names, not field/column names.
If you want to rename fields or column names, you can do so using the Airbyte Mappings feature after your connection is created. See the Airbyte documentation for more details on how to use Mappings.
Examples:
  - To rename a sheet called "Sheet1" to "sales_data", and "2024 Q1" to "q1_2024":
    [
      { "source_stream_name": "Sheet1", "custom_stream_name": "sales_data" },
      { "source_stream_name": "2024 Q1", "custom_stream_name": "q1_2024" }
    ]
  - If you do not wish to rename any streams, leave this blank. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--stream_name_overrides))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `authenticate_via_google_o_auth` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_via_google_o_auth))
- `service_account_key_authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--service_account_key_authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_via_google_o_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.authenticate_via_google_o_auth`

Required:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) Enter your Google application's Client ID. See <a href='https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2'>Google's documentation</a> for more information.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Enter your Google application's Client Secret. See <a href='https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2'>Google's documentation</a> for more information.
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) Enter your Google application's refresh token. See <a href='https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2'>Google's documentation</a> for more information.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--service_account_key_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.service_account_key_authentication`

Required:

- `service_account_info` (String, Sensitive) The JSON key of the service account to use for authorization. Read more <a href="https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-account-keys#creating_service_account_keys">here</a>.



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--stream_name_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.stream_name_overrides`

Required:

- `custom_stream_name` (String) The name you want this stream to appear as in Airbyte and your destination.
- `source_stream_name` (String) The exact name of the sheet/tab in your Google Spreadsheet.



<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs. must be one of ["get_spec", "check_connection", "discover_schema", "sync", "reset_connection", "connection_updater", "replicate"]
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_google_sheets.my_airbyte_source_google_sheets ""
```
