---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_orb Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceOrb Resource
---

# airbyte_source_orb (Resource)

SourceOrb Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_orb" "my_source_orb" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    api_key               = "...my_api_key..."
    end_date              = "2024-03-01T00:00:00Z"
    lookback_window_days  = 9
    numeric_event_properties_keys = [
      "..."
    ]
    plan_id    = "...my_plan_id..."
    start_date = "2022-03-01T00:00:00Z"
    string_event_properties_keys = [
      "..."
    ]
    subscription_usage_grouping_key = "...my_subscription_usage_grouping_key..."
  }
  definition_id = "ee26274e-71bb-401d-a439-e0b1460278b2"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "cd62c0b7-5370-44f8-929a-03ac1f7fe259"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "7f0455fb-4518-4ec0-b7a3-d808bf8081cc"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Orb API Key, issued from the Orb admin console.
- `start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2022-03-01T00:00:00Z. Any data with created_at before this data will not be synced. For Subscription Usage, this becomes the `timeframe_start` API parameter.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `end_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2022-03-01T00:00:00Z. Any data with created_at after this data will not be synced. For Subscription Usage, this becomes the `timeframe_start` API parameter.
- `lookback_window_days` (Number) When set to N, the connector will always refresh resources created within the past N days. By default, updated objects that are not newly created are not incrementally synced. Default: 0
- `numeric_event_properties_keys` (List of String) Property key names to extract from all events, in order to enrich ledger entries corresponding to an event deduction.
- `plan_id` (String) Orb Plan ID to filter subscriptions that should have usage fetched.
- `string_event_properties_keys` (List of String) Property key names to extract from all events, in order to enrich ledger entries corresponding to an event deduction.
- `subscription_usage_grouping_key` (String) Property key name to group subscription usage by.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_orb.my_airbyte_source_orb
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_orb.my_airbyte_source_orb "..."
```
