---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_salesforce Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceSalesforce Resource
---

# airbyte_source_salesforce (Resource)

SourceSalesforce Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_salesforce" "my_source_salesforce" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    client_id             = "...my_client_id..."
    client_secret         = "...my_client_secret..."
    force_use_bulk_api    = true
    is_sandbox            = false
    refresh_token         = "...my_refresh_token..."
    start_date            = "2021-07-25"
    stream_slice_step     = "PT12H"
    streams_criteria = [
      {
        criteria = "not contains"
        value    = "...my_value..."
      }
    ]
  }
  definition_id = "ac775334-3ab2-43d2-b41a-9b554542b831"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "009ca65a-dea0-4cfe-b1a6-e5f50c2ef465"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) Enter your Salesforce developer application's <a href="https://developer.salesforce.com/forums/?id=9062I000000DLgbQAG">Client ID</a>
- `client_secret` (String) Enter your Salesforce developer application's <a href="https://developer.salesforce.com/forums/?id=9062I000000DLgbQAG">Client secret</a>
- `refresh_token` (String) Enter your application's <a href="https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.mobile_sdk.meta/mobile_sdk/oauth_refresh_token_flow.htm">Salesforce Refresh Token</a> used for Airbyte to access your Salesforce account.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `force_use_bulk_api` (Boolean) Toggle to use Bulk API (this might cause empty fields for some streams). Default: false
- `is_sandbox` (Boolean) Toggle if you're using a <a href="https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.deploy_sandboxes_parent.htm&type=5">Salesforce Sandbox</a>. Default: false
- `start_date` (String) Enter the date (or date-time) in the YYYY-MM-DD or YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ format. Airbyte will replicate the data updated on and after this date. If this field is blank, Airbyte will replicate the data for last two years.
- `stream_slice_step` (String) The size of the time window (ISO8601 duration) to slice requests. Default: "P30D"
- `streams_criteria` (Attributes List) Add filters to select only required stream based on `SObject` name. Use this field to filter which tables are displayed by this connector. This is useful if your Salesforce account has a large number of tables (>1000), in which case you may find it easier to navigate the UI and speed up the connector's performance if you restrict the tables displayed by this connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--streams_criteria))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--streams_criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.streams_criteria`

Required:

- `value` (String)

Optional:

- `criteria` (String) Default: "contains"; must be one of ["starts with", "ends with", "contains", "exacts", "starts not with", "ends not with", "not contains", "not exacts"]



<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_salesforce.my_airbyte_source_salesforce
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_salesforce.my_airbyte_source_salesforce "..."
```
