---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_stripe Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceStripe Resource
---

# airbyte_source_stripe (Resource)

SourceStripe Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_stripe" "my_source_stripe" {
  configuration = {
    account_id           = "...my_account_id..."
    call_rate_limit      = 25
    client_secret        = "...my_client_secret..."
    lookback_window_days = 4
    num_workers          = 2
    slice_range          = 1
    start_date           = "2017-01-25T00:00:00Z"
  }
  definition_id = "7281f9a2-e8d0-4a1c-9c43-ac663b447792"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "94ac24f1-d3b4-46af-ace7-475d3264149a"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "e094cb9a-26de-4645-8761-65c0c425d1de"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `account_id` (String) Your Stripe account ID (starts with 'acct_', find yours <a href="https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/account">here</a>).
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Stripe API key (usually starts with 'sk_live_'; find yours <a href="https://dashboard.stripe.com/apikeys">here</a>).

Optional:

- `call_rate_limit` (Number) The number of API calls per second that you allow connector to make. This value can not be bigger than real API call rate limit (https://stripe.com/docs/rate-limits). If not specified the default maximum is 25 calls per second for test/sandbox tokens and 100 for production tokens.
- `lookback_window_days` (Number) When set, the connector will always re-export data from the past N days, where N is the value set here. This is useful if your data is frequently updated after creation. The Lookback Window only applies to streams that do not support event-based incremental syncs: Events, SetupAttempts, ShippingRates, BalanceTransactions, Files, FileLinks, Refunds. More info <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/stripe#requirements">here</a>. Default: 0
- `num_workers` (Number) The number of worker thread to use for the sync. The performance upper boundary depends on call_rate_limit setting and type of account. Default: 25
- `slice_range` (Number) The time increment used by the connector when requesting data from the Stripe API. The bigger the value is, the less requests will be made and faster the sync will be. On the other hand, the more seldom the state is persisted. Default: 30
- `start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2017-01-25T00:00:00Z. Only data generated after this date will be replicated. Default: "2017-01-25T00:00:00Z"


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_stripe.my_airbyte_source_stripe
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_stripe.my_airbyte_source_stripe "..."
```
