---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_mssql Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceMssql Resource
---

# airbyte_source_mssql (Resource)

SourceMssql Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_mssql" "my_source_mssql" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = {
      key = {
        # ...
      }
    }
    additional_properties1             = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    check_privileges                   = false
    checkpoint_target_interval_seconds = 4
    concurrency                        = 4
    database                           = "master"
    host                               = "...my_host..."
    jdbc_url_params                    = "...my_jdbc_url_params..."
    password                           = "...my_password..."
    port                               = 1433
    replication_method = {
      read_changes_using_change_data_capture_cdc = {
        additional_properties                = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        initial_load_timeout_hours           = 4
        initial_waiting_seconds              = 0
        invalid_cdc_cursor_position_behavior = "Re-sync data"
        method                               = "CDC"
        poll_interval_ms                     = 6
      }
    }
    schemas = [
    ]
    ssl_mode = {
      # ...
    }
    tunnel_method = {
      no_tunnel = {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        tunnel_method         = "NO_TUNNEL"
      }
    }
    username = "...my_username..."
  }
  definition_id = "3156776f-a553-4f83-b7be-07e1d515092f"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "89a5f137-cba1-4f2e-85cc-db4cd4426082"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "b5ea17b1-f170-46dc-bc31-cc744ca984c1"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `additional_properties` (Map of Map of String)
- `database` (String) The name of the database.
- `host` (String) The hostname of the database.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password associated with the username.
- `replication_method` (Attributes) Configures how data is extracted from the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--replication_method))
- `username` (String) The username which is used to access the database.

Optional:

- `additional_properties1` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `check_privileges` (Boolean) When this feature is enabled, during schema discovery the connector will query each table or view individually to check access privileges and inaccessible tables, views, or columns therein will be removed. In large schemas, this might cause schema discovery to take too long, in which case it might be advisable to disable this feature. Default: true
- `checkpoint_target_interval_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) a stream should checkpoint, when possible. Default: 300
- `concurrency` (Number) Maximum number of concurrent queries to the database.
- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database formatted as 'key=value' pairs separated by the symbol '&'. (example: key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3).
- `port` (Number) The port of the database. Default: 1433
- `schemas` (List of String) The list of schemas to sync from. If not specified, all schemas will be discovered. Case sensitive.
- `ssl_mode` (Attributes) The encryption method which is used when communicating with the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode))
- `tunnel_method` (Attributes) Whether to initiate an SSH tunnel before connecting to the database, and if so, which kind of authentication to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--replication_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.replication_method`

Optional:

- `read_changes_using_change_data_capture_cdc` (Attributes) <i>Recommended</i> - Incrementally reads new inserts, updates, and deletes using MSSQL's <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/mssql/#change-data-capture-cdc"> change data capture feature</a>. This must be enabled on your database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--read_changes_using_change_data_capture_cdc))
- `scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor` (Attributes) Incrementally detects new inserts and updates using the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/connections/incremental-append/#user-defined-cursor">cursor column</a> chosen when configuring a connection (e.g. created_at, updated_at). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--read_changes_using_change_data_capture_cdc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.replication_method.read_changes_using_change_data_capture_cdc`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `initial_load_timeout_hours` (Number) The amount of time an initial load is allowed to continue for before catching up on CDC logs. Default: 8
- `initial_waiting_seconds` (Number) The amount of time the connector will wait when it launches to determine if there is new data to sync or not. Defaults to 300 seconds. Valid range: 120 seconds to 3600 seconds. Read about <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/mssql#setting-up-cdc-for-mssql">initial waiting time</a>
- `invalid_cdc_cursor_position_behavior` (String) Determines whether Airbyte should fail or re-sync data in case of an stale/invalid cursor value in the mined logs. If 'Fail sync' is chosen, a user will have to manually reset the connection before being able to continue syncing data. If 'Re-sync data' is chosen, Airbyte will automatically trigger a refresh but could lead to higher cloud costs and data loss. Default: "Fail sync"; must be one of ["Fail sync", "Re-sync data"]
- `method` (String) Default: "CDC"; must be "CDC"
- `poll_interval_ms` (Number) How often (in milliseconds) Debezium should poll for new data. Must be smaller than heartbeat interval (15000ms). Lower values provide more responsive data capture but may increase database load. Default: 500


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.replication_method.scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `exclude_todays_data` (Boolean) When enabled incremental syncs using a cursor of a temporal type (date or datetime) will include cursor values only up until the previous midnight UTC. Default: false
- `method` (String) Default: "STANDARD"; must be "STANDARD"



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode`

Optional:

- `encrypted_trust_server_certificate` (Attributes) Use the certificate provided by the server without verification. (For testing purposes only!) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--encrypted_trust_server_certificate))
- `encrypted_verify_certificate` (Attributes) Verify and use the certificate provided by the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--encrypted_verify_certificate))
- `unencrypted` (Attributes) Data transfer will not be encrypted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--unencrypted))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--encrypted_trust_server_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.encrypted_trust_server_certificate`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `mode` (String) Default: "encrypted_trust_server_certificate"; must be "encrypted_trust_server_certificate"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--encrypted_verify_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.encrypted_verify_certificate`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `certificate` (String, Sensitive) certificate of the server, or of the CA that signed the server certificate
- `host_name_in_certificate` (String) Specifies the host name of the server. The value of this property must match the subject property of the certificate.
- `mode` (String) Default: "encrypted_verify_certificate"; must be "encrypted_verify_certificate"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--unencrypted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.unencrypted`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `mode` (String) Default: "unencrypted"; must be "unencrypted"



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method`

Optional:

- `no_tunnel` (Attributes) No ssh tunnel needed to connect to database (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel))
- `password_authentication` (Attributes) Connect through a jump server tunnel host using username and password authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication))
- `ssh_key_authentication` (Attributes) Connect through a jump server tunnel host using username and ssh key (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.no_tunnel`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `tunnel_method` (String) Default: "NO_TUNNEL"; must be "NO_TUNNEL"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.password_authentication`

Required:

- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host
- `tunnel_user_password` (String, Sensitive) OS-level password for logging into the jump server host

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `tunnel_method` (String) Default: "SSH_PASSWORD_AUTH"; must be "SSH_PASSWORD_AUTH"
- `tunnel_port` (Number) Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections. Default: 22


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.ssh_key_authentication`

Required:

- `ssh_key` (String, Sensitive) OS-level user account ssh key credentials in RSA PEM format ( created with ssh-keygen -t rsa -m PEM -f myuser_rsa )
- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `tunnel_method` (String) Default: "SSH_KEY_AUTH"; must be "SSH_KEY_AUTH"
- `tunnel_port` (Number) Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections. Default: 22




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_mssql.my_airbyte_source_mssql
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_mssql.my_airbyte_source_mssql "..."
```
