---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_openweather Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceOpenweather Resource
---

# airbyte_source_openweather (Resource)

SourceOpenweather Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_openweather" "my_source_openweather" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    appid                 = "...my_appid..."
    lang                  = "en"
    lat                   = "45.7603"
    lon                   = "4.835659"
    only_current          = true
    units                 = "standard"
  }
  definition_id = "1bd5c4ce-4dbf-469a-b3b5-ebef5ab8806d"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "7db955e3-04e1-4a4e-8a18-a248e82427c5"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "561d7787-b45e-4f3b-af58-0163c3ba9d5a"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `appid` (String, Sensitive) API KEY
- `lat` (String) Latitude, decimal (-90; 90). If you need the geocoder to automatic convert city names and zip-codes to geo coordinates and the other way around, please use the OpenWeather Geocoding API
- `lon` (String) Longitude, decimal (-180; 180). If you need the geocoder to automatic convert city names and zip-codes to geo coordinates and the other way around, please use the OpenWeather Geocoding API

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `lang` (String) You can use lang parameter to get the output in your language. The contents of the description field will be translated. See <a href="https://openweathermap.org/api/one-call-api#multi">here</a> for the list of supported languages. must be one of ["af", "al", "ar", "az", "bg", "ca", "cz", "da", "de", "el", "en", "eu", "fa", "fi", "fr", "gl", "he", "hi", "hr", "hu", "id", "it", "ja", "kr", "la", "lt", "mk", "no", "nl", "pl", "pt", "pt_br", "ro", "ru", "sv", "se", "sk", "sl", "sp", "es", "sr", "th", "tr", "ua", "uk", "vi", "zh_cn", "zh_tw", "zu"]
- `only_current` (Boolean) True for particular day
- `units` (String) Units of measurement. standard, metric and imperial units are available. If you do not use the units parameter, standard units will be applied by default. must be one of ["standard", "metric", "imperial"]


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_openweather.my_airbyte_source_openweather
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_openweather.my_airbyte_source_openweather "..."
```
