---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_auth0 Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceAuth0 Resource
---

# airbyte_source_auth0 (Resource)

SourceAuth0 Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_auth0" "my_source_auth0" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    base_url              = "https://dev-yourOrg.us.auth0.com/"
    credentials = {
      o_auth2_confidential_application = {
        audience      = "https://dev-yourOrg.us.auth0.com/api/v2/"
        client_id     = "Client_ID"
        client_secret = "Client_Secret"
      }
    }
    start_date = "2023-08-05T00:43:59.244Z"
  }
  definition_id = "c81522f4-2b1b-4d41-9891-5186609bc62d"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "0f188999-803b-497f-bcdb-fe3868611adc"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `base_url` (String) The Authentication API is served over HTTPS. All URLs referenced in the documentation have the following base `https://YOUR_DOMAIN`
- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2017-01-25T00:00:00Z. Any data before this date will not be replicated. Default: "2023-08-05T00:43:59.244Z"

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `o_auth2_access_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth2_access_token))
- `o_auth2_confidential_application` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth2_confidential_application))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth2_access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.o_auth2_access_token`

Required:

- `access_token` (String) Also called <a href="https://auth0.com/docs/secure/tokens/access-tokens/get-management-api-access-tokens-for-testing">API Access Token </a> The access token used to call the Auth0 Management API Token. It's a JWT that contains specific grant permissions knowns as scopes.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth2_confidential_application"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.o_auth2_confidential_application`

Required:

- `audience` (String) The audience for the token, which is your API. You can find this in the Identifier field on your  <a href="https://manage.auth0.com/#/apis">API's settings tab</a>
- `client_id` (String) Your application's Client ID. You can find this value on the <a href="https://manage.auth0.com/#/applications">application's settings tab</a> after you login the admin portal.
- `client_secret` (String) Your application's Client Secret. You can find this value on the <a href="https://manage.auth0.com/#/applications">application's settings tab</a> after you login the admin portal.




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_auth0.my_airbyte_source_auth0
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_auth0.my_airbyte_source_auth0 "..."
```
