---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_wikipedia_pageviews Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceWikipediaPageviews Resource
---

# airbyte_source_wikipedia_pageviews (Resource)

SourceWikipediaPageviews Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_wikipedia_pageviews" "my_source_wikipediapageviews" {
  configuration = {
    access  = "all-access"
    agent   = "all-agents"
    article = "Are_You_the_One%3F"
    country = "FR"
    end     = "...my_end..."
    project = "en.wikipedia.org"
    start   = "...my_start..."
  }
  definition_id = "e050b529-b789-4b69-87ec-e0c9b62213d4"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "01bb108c-0494-46a7-85a8-f0085655e4b8"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `access` (String) If you want to filter by access method, use one of desktop, mobile-app or mobile-web. If you are interested in pageviews regardless of access method, use all-access.
- `agent` (String) If you want to filter by agent type, use one of user, automated or spider. If you are interested in pageviews regardless of agent type, use all-agents.
- `article` (String) The title of any article in the specified project. Any spaces should be replaced with underscores. It also should be URI-encoded, so that non-URI-safe characters like %, / or ? are accepted.
- `country` (String) The ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of a country for which to retrieve top articles.
- `end` (String) The date of the last day to include, in YYYYMMDD or YYYYMMDDHH format.
- `project` (String) If you want to filter by project, use the domain of any Wikimedia project.
- `start` (String) The date of the first day to include, in YYYYMMDD or YYYYMMDDHH format. Also serves as the date to retrieve data for the top articles.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs. must be one of ["get_spec", "check_connection", "discover_schema", "sync", "reset_connection", "connection_updater", "replicate"]
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_wikipedia_pageviews.my_airbyte_source_wikipedia_pageviews ""
```
