---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_mailchimp Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceMailchimp Resource
---

# airbyte_source_mailchimp (Resource)

SourceMailchimp Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_mailchimp" "my_source_mailchimp" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    credentials = {
      api_key = {
        apikey = "...my_apikey..."
      }
    }
    data_center = "...my_data_center..."
    start_date  = "2020-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
  }
  definition_id = "9bebd7b1-c88a-4dd4-aa37-8172eb64f49e"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "c255ad32-1802-4521-bc9b-94b258ea8fe1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "b03a9f3e-22a5-11eb-adc1-0242ac120002"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `data_center` (String) Technical fields used to identify datacenter to send request to
- `start_date` (String) The date from which you want to start syncing data for Incremental streams. Only records that have been created or modified since this date will be synced. If left blank, all data will by synced.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `api_key` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--api_key))
- `o_auth20` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.api_key`

Required:

- `apikey` (String, Sensitive) Mailchimp API Key. See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/mailchimp">docs</a> for information on how to generate this key.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.o_auth20`

Required:

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) An access token generated using the above client ID and secret.

Optional:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) The Client ID of your OAuth application.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Client Secret of your OAuth application.




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_mailchimp.my_airbyte_source_mailchimp
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_mailchimp.my_airbyte_source_mailchimp "..."
```
