---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_jira Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceJira Resource
---

# airbyte_source_jira (Resource)

SourceJira Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_jira" "my_source_jira" {
  configuration = {
    api_token               = "...my_api_token..."
    domain                  = "<your-domain>.atlassian.net"
    email                   = "...my_email..."
    lookback_window_minutes = 60
    num_workers             = 1
    projects = [
      "..."
    ]
    start_date = "2021-03-01T00:00:00Z"
  }
  definition_id = "949473c3-da2c-444e-bfcd-8f8d84c88b15"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "126f780d-bef6-41d4-af4f-97391ac97b8d"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `api_token` (String, Sensitive) Jira API Token. See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/jira">docs</a> for more information on how to generate this key. API Token is used for Authorization to your account by BasicAuth.
- `domain` (String) The Domain for your Jira account, e.g. airbyteio.atlassian.net, airbyteio.jira.com, jira.your-domain.com
- `email` (String) The user email for your Jira account which you used to generate the API token. This field is used for Authorization to your account by BasicAuth.

Optional:

- `lookback_window_minutes` (Number) When set to N, the connector will always refresh resources created within the past N minutes. By default, updated objects that are not newly created are not incrementally synced. Default: 0
- `num_workers` (Number) The number of worker threads to use for the sync. Default: 3
- `projects` (List of String) List of Jira project keys to replicate data for, or leave it empty if you want to replicate data for all projects.
- `start_date` (String) The date from which you want to replicate data from Jira, use the format YYYY-MM-DDT00:00:00Z. Note that this field only applies to certain streams, and only data generated on or after the start date will be replicated. Or leave it empty if you want to replicate all data. For more information, refer to the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/jira/">documentation</a>.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs. must be one of ["get_spec", "check_connection", "discover_schema", "sync", "reset_connection", "connection_updater", "replicate"]
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_jira.my_airbyte_source_jira ""
```
