---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_zendesk_support Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceZendeskSupport Resource
---

# airbyte_source_zendesk_support (Resource)

SourceZendeskSupport Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_zendesk_support" "my_source_zendesksupport" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    credentials = {
      o_auth20_legacy = {
        access_token          = "...my_access_token..."
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        client_id             = "...my_client_id..."
        client_secret         = "...my_client_secret..."
      }
    }
    ignore_pagination = true
    num_workers       = 1
    page_size         = 100
    start_date        = "2020-10-15T00:00:00Z"
    subdomain         = "...my_subdomain..."
  }
  definition_id = "2f4827bb-f12c-45a8-a7c8-fc92af717ff3"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "88e43c5a-c5bf-4914-bf88-1d261e2148a9"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `subdomain` (String) This is your unique Zendesk subdomain that can be found in your account URL. For example, in https://MY_SUBDOMAIN.zendesk.com/, MY_SUBDOMAIN is the value of your subdomain.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `credentials` (Attributes) Zendesk allows three authentication methods. We recommend using `OAuth2.0 with Refresh Token` for Airbyte Cloud users (recommended), `OAuth2.0 (Legacy)` for existing OAuth connections, and `API token` for Airbyte Open Source users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `ignore_pagination` (Boolean) [Deprecated] Makes each stream read a single page of data. Default: false
- `num_workers` (Number) The number of worker threads to use for the sync. The performance upper boundary is based on the limit of your Zendesk Support plan. More info about the rate limit plan tiers can be found on Zendesk's API <a href="https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/introduction/rate-limits/#zendesk-support-plan-limits">docs</a>. Default: 3
- `page_size` (Number) The number of records per page for the ticket_comments stream API requests. Lower values may help prevent timeouts on large datasets. The maximum value is 1000. Default: 100
- `start_date` (String) The UTC date and time from which you'd like to replicate data, in the format YYYY-MM-DDT00:00:00Z. All data generated after this date will be replicated.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `api_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--api_token))
- `o_auth20_legacy` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20_legacy))
- `o_auth20_with_refresh_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20_with_refresh_token))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--api_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.api_token`

Required:

- `api_token` (String) The value of the API token generated. See our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/zendesk-support#setup-guide">full documentation</a> for more information on generating this token.
- `email` (String) The user email for your Zendesk account.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20_legacy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.o_auth20_legacy`

Required:

- `access_token` (String) The OAuth access token. See the <a href="https://developer.zendesk.com/documentation/ticketing/working-with-oauth/creating-and-using-oauth-tokens-with-the-api/">Zendesk docs</a> for more information on generating this token.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `client_id` (String) The OAuth client's ID. See <a href="https://docs.searchunify.com/Content/Content-Sources/Zendesk-Authentication-OAuth-Client-ID-Secret.htm#:~:text=Get%20Client%20ID%20and%20Client%20Secret&text=Go%20to%20OAuth%20Clients%20and,will%20be%20displayed%20only%20once.">this guide</a> for more information.
- `client_secret` (String) The OAuth client secret. See <a href="https://docs.searchunify.com/Content/Content-Sources/Zendesk-Authentication-OAuth-Client-ID-Secret.htm#:~:text=Get%20Client%20ID%20and%20Client%20Secret&text=Go%20to%20OAuth%20Clients%20and,will%20be%20displayed%20only%20once.">this guide</a> for more information.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20_with_refresh_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.o_auth20_with_refresh_token`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The OAuth client's ID. See <a href="https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/ticketing/oauth/grant_type_tokens/">Zendesk OAuth grant-type tokens documentation</a> for more information.
- `client_secret` (String) The OAuth client secret. See <a href="https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/ticketing/oauth/grant_type_tokens/">Zendesk OAuth grant-type tokens documentation</a> for more information.
- `refresh_token` (String) The refresh token used to obtain new access tokens. Note that Zendesk uses rotating refresh tokens - each refresh will return a new refresh token and invalidate the previous one.

Optional:

- `access_token` (String) Access Token for making authenticated requests.
- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `token_expiry_date` (String) The date-time when the access token should be refreshed.




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_zendesk_support.my_airbyte_source_zendesk_support
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_zendesk_support.my_airbyte_source_zendesk_support "..."
```
