---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_mixpanel Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceMixpanel Resource
---

# airbyte_source_mixpanel (Resource)

SourceMixpanel Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_mixpanel" "my_source_mixpanel" {
  configuration = {
    attribution_window = 10
    credentials = {
      service_account = {
        project_id = 10
        secret     = "...my_secret..."
        username   = "...my_username..."
      }
    }
    date_window_size             = 10
    end_date                     = "2021-11-16"
    export_lookback_window       = 9
    num_workers                  = 1
    page_size                    = 6
    project_timezone             = "US/Pacific"
    region                       = "US"
    select_properties_by_default = true
    start_date                   = "2021-11-16"
  }
  definition_id = "ec7b9d35-13cb-4117-b2ed-d8a6874a4325"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "350068e1-f8f0-490a-ba81-d5400042882c"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `credentials` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate to Mixpanel (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))

Optional:

- `attribution_window` (Number) A period of time for attributing results to ads and the lookback period after those actions occur during which ad results are counted. Default attribution window is 5 days. (This value should be non-negative integer). Default: 5
- `date_window_size` (Number) Defines window size in days, that used to slice through data. You can reduce it, if amount of data in each window is too big for your environment. (This value should be positive integer). Default: 30
- `end_date` (String) The date in the format YYYY-MM-DD. Any data after this date will not be replicated. Left empty to always sync to most recent date
- `export_lookback_window` (Number) The number of seconds to look back from the last synced timestamp during incremental syncs of the Export stream. This ensures no data is missed due to delays in event recording. Default is 0 seconds. Must be a non-negative integer. Default: 0
- `num_workers` (Number) The number of worker threads to use for the sync. The performance upper boundary is based on the limit of your Mixpanel pricing plan. More info about the rate limit tiers can be found on Mixpanel's API <a href="https://developer.mixpanel.com/reference/raw-event-e xport#api-export-endpoint-rate-limits">docs</a>. Default: 3
- `page_size` (Number) The number of records to fetch per request for the engage stream. Default is 1000. If you are experiencing long sync times with this stream, try increasing this value. Default: 1000
- `project_timezone` (String) Time zone in which integer date times are stored. The project timezone may be found in the project settings in the <a href="https://help.mixpanel.com/hc/en-us/articles/115004547203-Manage-Timezones-for-Projects-in-Mixpanel">Mixpanel console</a>. Default: "US/Pacific"
- `region` (String) The region of mixpanel domain instance either US or EU. Default: "US"; must be one of ["US", "EU"]
- `select_properties_by_default` (Boolean) Setting this config parameter to TRUE ensures that new properties on events and engage records are captured. Otherwise new properties will be ignored. Default: true
- `start_date` (String) The date in the format YYYY-MM-DD. Any data before this date will not be replicated. If this option is not set, the connector will replicate data from up to one year ago by default.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `project_secret` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--project_secret))
- `service_account` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--service_account))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--project_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.project_secret`

Required:

- `api_secret` (String, Sensitive) Mixpanel project secret. See the <a href="https://developer.mixpanel.com/reference/project-secret#managing-a-projects-secret">docs</a> for more information on how to obtain this.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.service_account`

Required:

- `project_id` (Number) Your project ID number. See the <a href="https://help.mixpanel.com/hc/en-us/articles/115004490503-Project-Settings#project-id">docs</a> for more information on how to obtain this.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) Mixpanel Service Account Secret. See the <a href="https://developer.mixpanel.com/reference/service-accounts">docs</a> for more information on how to obtain this.
- `username` (String) Mixpanel Service Account Username. See the <a href="https://developer.mixpanel.com/reference/service-accounts">docs</a> for more information on how to obtain this.




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_mixpanel.my_airbyte_source_mixpanel
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_mixpanel.my_airbyte_source_mixpanel "..."
```
