---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_alloydb Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceAlloydb Resource
---

# airbyte_source_alloydb (Resource)

SourceAlloydb Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_alloydb" "my_source_alloydb" {
  configuration = {
    database        = "...my_database..."
    host            = "...my_host..."
    jdbc_url_params = "...my_jdbc_url_params..."
    password        = "...my_password..."
    port            = 5432
    replication_method = {
      logical_replication_cdc = {
        additional_properties   = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        initial_waiting_seconds = 1
        lsn_commit_behaviour    = "After loading Data in the destination"
        plugin                  = "pgoutput"
        publication             = "...my_publication..."
        queue_size              = 4
        replication_slot        = "...my_replication_slot..."
      }
    }
    schemas = [
      "...",
    ]
    ssl_mode = {
      source_alloydb_allow = {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
      }
    }
    tunnel_method = {
      source_alloydb_no_tunnel = {}
    }
    username = "Mackenzie83"
  }
  name         = "Robin Kuhn"
  secret_id    = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id = "3598ffb0-4292-44fa-aae5-018c31937409"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `database` (String) Name of the database.
- `host` (String) Hostname of the database.
- `username` (String) Username to access the database.

Optional:

- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database formatted as 'key=value' pairs separated by the symbol '&'. (Eg. key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3). For more information read about <a href="https://jdbc.postgresql.org/documentation/head/connect.html">JDBC URL parameters</a>.
- `password` (String) Password associated with the username.
- `port` (Number) Default: 5432
Port of the database.
- `replication_method` (Attributes) Replication method for extracting data from the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--replication_method))
- `schemas` (List of String) The list of schemas (case sensitive) to sync from. Defaults to public.
- `ssl_mode` (Attributes) SSL connection modes. 
  Read more <a href="https://jdbc.postgresql.org/documentation/head/ssl-client.html"> in the docs</a>. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode))
- `tunnel_method` (Attributes) Whether to initiate an SSH tunnel before connecting to the database, and if so, which kind of authentication to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--replication_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.replication_method`

Optional:

- `logical_replication_cdc` (Attributes) Logical replication uses the Postgres write-ahead log (WAL) to detect inserts, updates, and deletes. This needs to be configured on the source database itself. Only available on Postgres 10 and above. Read the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/postgres">docs</a>. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--logical_replication_cdc))
- `standard` (Attributes) Standard replication requires no setup on the DB side but will not be able to represent deletions incrementally. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--standard))
- `standard_xmin` (Attributes) Xmin replication requires no setup on the DB side but will not be able to represent deletions incrementally. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--standard_xmin))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--logical_replication_cdc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.replication_method.logical_replication_cdc`

Required:

- `publication` (String) A Postgres publication used for consuming changes. Read about <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/postgres#step-4-create-publications-and-replication-identities-for-tables">publications and replication identities</a>.
- `replication_slot` (String) A plugin logical replication slot. Read about <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/postgres#step-3-create-replication-slot">replication slots</a>.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `initial_waiting_seconds` (Number) Default: 300
The amount of time the connector will wait when it launches to determine if there is new data to sync or not. Defaults to 300 seconds. Valid range: 120 seconds to 1200 seconds. Read about <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/postgres#step-5-optional-set-up-initial-waiting-time">initial waiting time</a>.
- `lsn_commit_behaviour` (String) must be one of ["While reading Data", "After loading Data in the destination"]; Default: "After loading Data in the destination"
Determines when Airbtye should flush the LSN of processed WAL logs in the source database. `After loading Data in the destination` is default. If `While reading Data` is selected, in case of a downstream failure (while loading data into the destination), next sync would result in a full sync.
- `plugin` (String) must be one of ["pgoutput"]; Default: "pgoutput"
A logical decoding plugin installed on the PostgreSQL server.
- `queue_size` (Number) Default: 10000
The size of the internal queue. This may interfere with memory consumption and efficiency of the connector, please be careful.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--standard"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.replication_method.standard`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--standard_xmin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.replication_method.standard_xmin`



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode`

Optional:

- `allow` (Attributes) Enables encryption only when required by the source database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--allow))
- `disable` (Attributes) Disables encryption of communication between Airbyte and source database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--disable))
- `prefer` (Attributes) Allows unencrypted connection only if the source database does not support encryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--prefer))
- `require` (Attributes) Always require encryption. If the source database server does not support encryption, connection will fail. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--require))
- `verify_ca` (Attributes) Always require encryption and verifies that the source database server has a valid SSL certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_ca))
- `verify_full` (Attributes) This is the most secure mode. Always require encryption and verifies the identity of the source database server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_full))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--allow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.allow`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--disable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.disable`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--prefer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.prefer`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--require"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.require`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.verify_ca`

Required:

- `ca_certificate` (String) CA certificate

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `client_certificate` (String) Client certificate
- `client_key` (String) Client key
- `client_key_password` (String) Password for keystorage. If you do not add it - the password will be generated automatically.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_full"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.verify_full`

Required:

- `ca_certificate` (String) CA certificate

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `client_certificate` (String) Client certificate
- `client_key` (String) Client key
- `client_key_password` (String) Password for keystorage. If you do not add it - the password will be generated automatically.



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method`

Optional:

- `no_tunnel` (Attributes) Whether to initiate an SSH tunnel before connecting to the database, and if so, which kind of authentication to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel))
- `password_authentication` (Attributes) Whether to initiate an SSH tunnel before connecting to the database, and if so, which kind of authentication to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication))
- `ssh_key_authentication` (Attributes) Whether to initiate an SSH tunnel before connecting to the database, and if so, which kind of authentication to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.no_tunnel`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.password_authentication`

Required:

- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host
- `tunnel_user_password` (String) OS-level password for logging into the jump server host

Optional:

- `tunnel_port` (Number) Default: 22
Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.ssh_key_authentication`

Required:

- `ssh_key` (String) OS-level user account ssh key credentials in RSA PEM format ( created with ssh-keygen -t rsa -m PEM -f myuser_rsa )
- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host.

Optional:

- `tunnel_port` (Number) Default: 22
Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections.


