---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_pinterest Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourcePinterest Resource
---

# airbyte_source_pinterest (Resource)

SourcePinterest Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_pinterest" "my_source_pinterest" {
  configuration = {
    account_id = "1234567890"
    credentials = {
      client_id     = "...my_client_id..."
      client_secret = "...my_client_secret..."
      refresh_token = "...my_refresh_token..."
    }
    custom_reports = [
      {
        attribution_types = [
          "INDIVIDUAL"
        ]
        click_window_days = 60
        columns = [
          "PIN_PROMOTION_ID"
        ]
        conversion_report_time = "TIME_OF_CONVERSION"
        engagement_window_days = 30
        granularity            = "MONTH"
        level                  = "CAMPAIGN"
        name                   = "...my_name..."
        start_date             = "2022-07-28"
        view_window_days       = 7
      }
    ]
    start_date = "2022-07-28"
    status = [
      "ACTIVE"
    ]
  }
  definition_id = "7540406c-2051-4504-8c28-ddff47d8716f"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "4d479a13-e183-4090-af9e-7a388174d4f2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `account_id` (String) The Pinterest account ID you want to fetch data for. This ID must be provided to filter the data for a specific account.
- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `custom_reports` (Attributes List) A list which contains ad statistics entries, each entry must have a name and can contains fields, breakdowns or action_breakdowns. Click on "add" to fill this field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--custom_reports))
- `start_date` (String) A date in the format YYYY-MM-DD. If you have not set a date, it would be defaulted to latest allowed date by api (89 days from today).
- `status` (List of String) For the ads, ad_groups, and campaigns streams, specifying a status will filter out records that do not match the specified ones. If a status is not specified, the source will default to records with a status of either ACTIVE or PAUSED.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Required:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) The Client ID of your OAuth application
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Client Secret of your OAuth application.
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) Refresh Token to obtain new Access Token, when it's expired.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--custom_reports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.custom_reports`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name value of report

Optional:

- `attribution_types` (List of String) List of types of attribution for the conversion report
- `click_window_days` (Number) Number of days to use as the conversion attribution window for a pin click action. Default: 30; must be one of ["0", "1", "7", "14", "30", "60"]
- `columns` (List of String) A list of chosen columns
- `conversion_report_time` (String) The date by which the conversion metrics returned from this endpoint will be reported. There are two dates associated with a conversion event: the date that the user interacted with the ad, and the date that the user completed a conversion event.. Default: "TIME_OF_AD_ACTION"; must be one of ["TIME_OF_AD_ACTION", "TIME_OF_CONVERSION"]
- `engagement_window_days` (Number) Number of days to use as the conversion attribution window for an engagement action. must be one of ["0", "1", "7", "14", "30", "60"]
- `granularity` (String) Chosen granularity for API. Default: "TOTAL"; must be one of ["TOTAL", "DAY", "HOUR", "WEEK", "MONTH"]
- `level` (String) Chosen level for API. Default: "ADVERTISER"; must be one of ["ADVERTISER", "ADVERTISER_TARGETING", "CAMPAIGN", "CAMPAIGN_TARGETING", "AD_GROUP", "AD_GROUP_TARGETING", "PIN_PROMOTION", "PIN_PROMOTION_TARGETING", "KEYWORD", "PRODUCT_GROUP", "PRODUCT_GROUP_TARGETING", "PRODUCT_ITEM"]
- `start_date` (String) A date in the format YYYY-MM-DD. If you have not set a date, it would be defaulted to latest allowed date by report api (913 days from today).
- `view_window_days` (Number) Number of days to use as the conversion attribution window for a view action. must be one of ["0", "1", "7", "14", "30", "60"]



<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs. must be one of ["get_spec", "check_connection", "discover_schema", "sync", "reset_connection", "connection_updater", "replicate"]
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_pinterest.my_airbyte_source_pinterest ""
```
