---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_rentcast Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceRentcast Resource
---

# airbyte_source_rentcast (Resource)

SourceRentcast Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_rentcast" "my_source_rentcast" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    address               = "...my_address..."
    api_key               = "...my_api_key..."
    bath_rooms            = 4
    bedrooms              = 6.5
    city                  = "...my_city..."
    data_type             = "...my_data_type..."
    days_old              = "...my_days_old..."
    history_range         = "...my_history_range..."
    latitude              = "...my_latitude..."
    longitude             = "...my_longitude..."
    property_type         = "...my_property_type..."
    radius                = "...my_radius..."
    state                 = "...my_state..."
    status                = "...my_status..."
    zipcode               = "...my_zipcode..."
  }
  definition_id = "bfe52bf4-2ea5-49dd-9abb-b29c6b50de3d"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "3f87ec5f-32c1-47a2-a7ac-1ceb39bed343"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive)

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `address` (String) The full address of the property, in the format of Street, City, State, Zip. Used to retrieve data for a specific property, or together with the radius parameter to search for listings in a specific area
- `bath_rooms` (Number) The number of bathrooms, used to search for listings matching this criteria. Supports fractions to indicate partial bathrooms
- `bedrooms` (Number) The number of bedrooms, used to search for listings matching this criteria. Use 0 to indicate a studio layout
- `city` (String) The name of the city, used to search for listings in a specific city. This parameter is case-sensitive
- `data_type` (String) The type of aggregate market data to return. Defaults to "All" if not provided : All , Sale , Rental
- `days_old` (String) The maximum number of days since a property was listed on the market, with a minimum of 1 or The maximum number of days since a property was last sold, with a minimum of 1. Used to search for properties that were sold within the specified date range
- `history_range` (String) The time range for historical record entries, in months. Defaults to 12 if not provided
- `latitude` (String) The latitude of the search area. Use the latitude/longitude and radius parameters to search for listings in a specific area
- `longitude` (String) The longitude of the search area. Use the latitude/longitude and radius parameters to search for listings in a specific area
- `property_type` (String) The type of the property, used to search for listings matching this criteria : Single Family , Condo , Townhouse , Manufactured ,  Multi-Family , Apartment , Land ,
- `radius` (String) The radius of the search area in miles, with a maximum of 100. Use in combination with the latitude/longitude or address parameters to search for listings in a specific area
- `state` (String) The 2-character state abbreviation, used to search for listings in a specific state. This parameter is case-sensitive
- `status` (String) The current listing status, used to search for listings matching this criteria : Active or Inactive
- `zipcode` (String) The 5-digit zip code, used to search for listings in a specific zip code


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_rentcast.my_airbyte_source_rentcast
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_rentcast.my_airbyte_source_rentcast "..."
```
