---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_amazon_sqs Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceAmazonSqs Resource
---

# airbyte_source_amazon_sqs (Resource)

SourceAmazonSqs Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_amazon_sqs" "my_source_amazonsqs" {
  configuration = {
    access_key            = "xxxxxHRNxxx3TBxxxxxx"
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    attributes_to_return  = "attr1,attr2"
    max_batch_size        = 5
    max_wait_time         = 5
    queue_url             = "https://sqs.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/1234567890/my-example-queue"
    region                = "ap-southeast-2"
    secret_key            = "hu+qE5exxxxT6o/ZrKsxxxxxxBhxxXLexxxxxVKz"
    target                = "GetQueueAttributes"
    visibility_timeout    = 20
  }
  definition_id = "838e1ff6-5ade-49bb-b0dc-2f1fb8c96dde"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "d064f44a-5875-4cf2-8a32-a321d2eb3460"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) The Access Key ID of the AWS IAM Role to use for pulling messages
- `queue_url` (String) URL of the SQS Queue
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) The Secret Key of the AWS IAM Role to use for pulling messages

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `attributes_to_return` (String) Comma separated list of Mesage Attribute names to return. Default: "All"
- `max_batch_size` (Number) Max amount of messages to get in one batch (10 max). Default: 10
- `max_wait_time` (Number) Max amount of time in seconds to wait for messages in a single poll (20 max). Default: 20
- `region` (String) AWS Region of the SQS Queue. Default: "us-east-1"; must be one of ["af-south-1", "ap-east-1", "ap-northeast-1", "ap-northeast-2", "ap-northeast-3", "ap-south-1", "ap-south-2", "ap-southeast-1", "ap-southeast-2", "ap-southeast-3", "ap-southeast-4", "ca-central-1", "ca-west-1", "cn-north-1", "cn-northwest-1", "eu-central-1", "eu-central-2", "eu-north-1", "eu-south-1", "eu-south-2", "eu-west-1", "eu-west-2", "eu-west-3", "il-central-1", "me-central-1", "me-south-1", "sa-east-1", "us-east-1", "us-east-2", "us-gov-east-1", "us-gov-west-1", "us-west-1", "us-west-2"]
- `target` (String) Note - Different targets have different attribute enum requirements, please refer actions sections in https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html. Default: "ReceiveMessage"; must be one of ["GetQueueAttributes", "ReceiveMessage"]
- `visibility_timeout` (Number) Modify the Visibility Timeout of the individual message from the Queue's default (seconds). Default: 20


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_amazon_sqs.my_airbyte_source_amazon_sqs
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_amazon_sqs.my_airbyte_source_amazon_sqs "..."
```
