---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_senseforce Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceSenseforce Resource
---

# airbyte_source_senseforce (Resource)

SourceSenseforce Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_senseforce" "my_source_senseforce" {
  configuration = {
    access_token          = "...my_access_token..."
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    backend_url           = "https://galaxyapi.senseforce.io"
    dataset_id            = "8f418098-ca28-4df5-9498-0df9fe78eda7"
    slice_range           = 1
    start_date            = "2017-01-25"
  }
  definition_id = "72d98b8b-013b-41d6-acb5-1010c16f89ee"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "c04af849-0e4c-40a5-9d00-ad43af2baa4d"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) Your API access token. See <a href="https://manual.senseforce.io/manual/sf-platform/public-api/get-your-access-token/">here</a>. The toke is case sensitive.
- `backend_url` (String) Your Senseforce API backend URL. This is the URL shown during the Login screen. See <a href="https://manual.senseforce.io/manual/sf-platform/public-api/get-your-access-token/">here</a> for more details. (Note: Most Senseforce backend APIs have the term 'galaxy' in their ULR)
- `dataset_id` (String) The ID of the dataset you want to synchronize. The ID can be found in the URL when opening the dataset. See <a href="https://manual.senseforce.io/manual/sf-platform/public-api/get-your-access-token/">here</a> for more details. (Note: As the Senseforce API only allows to synchronize a specific dataset, each dataset you  want to synchronize needs to be implemented as a separate airbyte source).
- `start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2017-01-25. Only data with "Timestamp" after this date will be replicated. Important note: This start date must be set to the first day of where your dataset provides data.  If your dataset has data from 2020-10-10 10:21:10, set the start_date to 2020-10-10 or later

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `slice_range` (Number) The time increment used by the connector when requesting data from the Senseforce API. The bigger the value is, the less requests will be made and faster the sync will be. On the other hand, the more seldom the state is persisted and the more likely one could run into rate limites.  Furthermore, consider that large chunks of time might take a long time for the Senseforce query to return data - meaning it could take in effect longer than with more smaller time slices. If there are a lot of data per day, set this setting to 1. If there is only very little data per day, you might change the setting to 10 or more.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_senseforce.my_airbyte_source_senseforce
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_senseforce.my_airbyte_source_senseforce "..."
```
