---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_microsoft_teams Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceMicrosoftTeams Resource
---

# airbyte_source_microsoft_teams (Resource)

SourceMicrosoftTeams Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_microsoft_teams" "my_source_microsoftteams" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    credentials = {
      authenticate_via_microsoft = {
        client_id     = "...my_client_id..."
        client_secret = "...my_client_secret..."
        tenant_id     = "...my_tenant_id..."
      }
    }
    period = "D7"
  }
  definition_id = "9c7c92b5-c652-4363-8342-1deb8b5e46f4"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "5bc16313-0df8-4b0a-937a-7ae3de2c21ca"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "eaf50f04-21dd-4620-913b-2a83f5635227"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `period` (String) Specifies the length of time over which the Team Device Report stream is aggregated. The supported values are: D7, D30, D90, and D180.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `credentials` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate to Microsoft (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `authenticate_via_microsoft` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_via_microsoft))
- `authenticate_via_microsoft_o_auth20` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_via_microsoft_o_auth20))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_via_microsoft"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.authenticate_via_microsoft`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of your Microsoft Teams developer application.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Client Secret of your Microsoft Teams developer application.
- `tenant_id` (String, Sensitive) A globally unique identifier (GUID) that is different than your organization name or domain. Follow these steps to obtain: open one of the Teams where you belong inside the Teams Application -> Click on the … next to the Team title -> Click on Get link to team -> Copy the link to the team and grab the tenant ID form the URL


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_via_microsoft_o_auth20"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.authenticate_via_microsoft_o_auth20`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of your Microsoft Teams developer application.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Client Secret of your Microsoft Teams developer application.
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) A Refresh Token to renew the expired Access Token.
- `tenant_id` (String, Sensitive) A globally unique identifier (GUID) that is different than your organization name or domain. Follow these steps to obtain: open one of the Teams where you belong inside the Teams Application -> Click on the … next to the Team title -> Click on Get link to team -> Copy the link to the team and grab the tenant ID form the URL




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_microsoft_teams.my_airbyte_source_microsoft_teams
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_microsoft_teams.my_airbyte_source_microsoft_teams "..."
```
