---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_faker Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceFaker Resource
---

# airbyte_source_faker (Resource)

SourceFaker Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_faker" "my_source_faker" {
  configuration = {
    always_updated    = true
    count             = 1
    parallelism       = 8
    records_per_slice = 9
    seed              = 8
  }
  definition_id = "7fa43101-44ad-4dbe-a821-bd8c667b2073"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "ee51eafe-11ff-4a9a-99c4-b72ee665ba32"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `always_updated` (Boolean) Should the updated_at values for every record be new each sync?  Setting this to false will case the source to stop emitting records after COUNT records have been emitted. Default: true
- `count` (Number) How many users should be generated in total. The purchases table will be scaled to match, with 10 purchases created per 10 users. This setting does not apply to the products stream. Default: 1000
- `parallelism` (Number) How many parallel workers should we use to generate fake data?  Choose a value equal to the number of CPUs you will allocate to this source. Default: 4
- `records_per_slice` (Number) How many fake records will be in each page (stream slice), before a state message is emitted?. Default: 1000
- `seed` (Number) Manually control the faker random seed to return the same values on subsequent runs (leave -1 for random). Default: -1


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs. must be one of ["get_spec", "check_connection", "discover_schema", "sync", "reset_connection", "connection_updater", "replicate"]
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_faker.my_airbyte_source_faker ""
```
