---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_apple_search_ads Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceAppleSearchAds Resource
---

# airbyte_source_apple_search_ads (Resource)

SourceAppleSearchAds Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_apple_search_ads" "my_source_applesearchads" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties  = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    backoff_factor         = 10
    client_id              = "...my_client_id..."
    client_secret          = "...my_client_secret..."
    end_date               = "2021-01-01"
    lookback_window        = 7
    org_id                 = 0
    start_date             = "2020-01-01"
    timezone               = "UTC"
    token_refresh_endpoint = "...my_token_refresh_endpoint..."
  }
  definition_id = "f6eb56d1-0915-427d-b110-58bf43673ee3"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "87d57ac5-8ac6-43ff-882e-85cc9f51f076"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) A user identifier for the token request. See <a href="https://developer.apple.com/documentation/apple_search_ads/implementing_oauth_for_the_apple_search_ads_api">here</a>
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A string that authenticates the user’s setup request. See <a href="https://developer.apple.com/documentation/apple_search_ads/implementing_oauth_for_the_apple_search_ads_api">here</a>
- `org_id` (Number) The identifier of the organization that owns the campaign. Your Org Id is the same as your account in the Apple Search Ads UI.
- `start_date` (String) Start getting data from that date.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `backoff_factor` (Number) This factor factor determines the delay increase factor between retryable failures. Valid values are integers between 1 and 20. Default: 5
- `end_date` (String) Data is retrieved until that date (included)
- `lookback_window` (Number) Apple Search Ads uses a 30-day attribution window. However, you may consider smaller values in order to shorten sync durations, at the cost of missing late data attributions. Default: 30
- `timezone` (String) The timezone for the reporting data. Use 'ORTZ' for Organization Time Zone or 'UTC' for Coordinated Universal Time. Default is UTC. Default: "UTC"; must be one of ["ORTZ", "UTC"]
- `token_refresh_endpoint` (String) Token Refresh Endpoint. You should override the default value in scenarios  where it's required to proxy requests to Apple's token endpoint. Default: "https://appleid.apple.com/auth/oauth2/token?grant_type=client_credentials&scope=searchadsorg"


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_apple_search_ads.my_airbyte_source_apple_search_ads
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_apple_search_ads.my_airbyte_source_apple_search_ads "..."
```
