---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_postgres Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourcePostgres Resource
---

# airbyte_source_postgres (Resource)

SourcePostgres Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_postgres" "my_source_postgres" {
  configuration = {
    database        = "...my_database..."
    host            = "...my_host..."
    jdbc_url_params = "...my_jdbc_url_params..."
    password        = "...my_password..."
    port            = 5432
    replication_method = {
      # ...
    }
    schemas = [
    ]
    ssl_mode = {
      # ...
    }
    tunnel_method = {
      password_authentication = {
        tunnel_host          = "...my_tunnel_host..."
        tunnel_port          = 22
        tunnel_user          = "...my_tunnel_user..."
        tunnel_user_password = "...my_tunnel_user_password..."
      }
    }
    username = "...my_username..."
  }
  definition_id = "be56435e-cbaf-420b-889d-1d220ff21125"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "d122fa45-e536-42be-a02d-5e851e4eb0a6"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `database` (String) Name of the database.
- `host` (String) Hostname of the database.
- `username` (String) Username to access the database.

Optional:

- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database formatted as 'key=value' pairs separated by the symbol '&'. (Eg. key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3). For more information read about <a href="https://jdbc.postgresql.org/documentation/head/connect.html">JDBC URL parameters</a>.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password associated with the username.
- `port` (Number) Port of the database. Default: 5432
- `replication_method` (Attributes) Configures how data is extracted from the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--replication_method))
- `schemas` (List of String) The list of schemas (case sensitive) to sync from. Defaults to public.
- `ssl_mode` (Attributes) SSL connection modes. 
  Read more <a href="https://jdbc.postgresql.org/documentation/head/ssl-client.html"> in the docs</a>. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode))
- `tunnel_method` (Attributes) Whether to initiate an SSH tunnel before connecting to the database, and if so, which kind of authentication to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--replication_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.replication_method`

Optional:

- `detect_changes_with_xmin_system_column` (Attributes) <i>Recommended</i> - Incrementally reads new inserts and updates via Postgres <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/postgres/#xmin">Xmin system column</a>. Suitable for databases that have low transaction pressure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--detect_changes_with_xmin_system_column))
- `read_changes_using_write_ahead_log_cdc` (Attributes) <i>Recommended</i> - Incrementally reads new inserts, updates, and deletes using the Postgres <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/postgres/#cdc">write-ahead log (WAL)</a>. This needs to be configured on the source database itself. Recommended for tables of any size. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--read_changes_using_write_ahead_log_cdc))
- `scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor` (Attributes) Incrementally detects new inserts and updates using the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/connections/incremental-append/#user-defined-cursor">cursor column</a> chosen when configuring a connection (e.g. created_at, updated_at). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--detect_changes_with_xmin_system_column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.replication_method.detect_changes_with_xmin_system_column`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--read_changes_using_write_ahead_log_cdc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.replication_method.read_changes_using_write_ahead_log_cdc`

Required:

- `publication` (String) A Postgres publication used for consuming changes. Read about <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/postgres#step-4-create-publications-and-replication-identities-for-tables">publications and replication identities</a>.
- `replication_slot` (String) A plugin logical replication slot. Read about <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/postgres#step-3-create-replication-slot">replication slots</a>.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `heartbeat_action_query` (String) Specifies a query that the connector executes on the source database when the connector sends a heartbeat message. Please see the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/postgres/postgres-troubleshooting#advanced-wal-disk-consumption-and-heartbeat-action-query">setup guide</a> for how and when to configure this setting. Default: ""
- `initial_load_timeout_hours` (Number) The amount of time an initial load is allowed to continue for before catching up on CDC logs. Default: 8
- `initial_waiting_seconds` (Number) The amount of time the connector will wait when it launches to determine if there is new data to sync or not. Defaults to 1200 seconds. Valid range: 120 seconds to 2400 seconds. Read about <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/postgres/postgres-troubleshooting#advanced-setting-up-initial-cdc-waiting-time">initial waiting time</a>. Default: 1200
- `invalid_cdc_cursor_position_behavior` (String) Determines whether Airbyte should fail or re-sync data in case of an stale/invalid cursor value into the WAL. If 'Fail sync' is chosen, a user will have to manually reset the connection before being able to continue syncing data. If 'Re-sync data' is chosen, Airbyte will automatically trigger a refresh but could lead to higher cloud costs and data loss. Default: "Fail sync"; must be one of ["Fail sync", "Re-sync data"]
- `lsn_commit_behaviour` (String) Determines when Airbyte should flush the LSN of processed WAL logs in the source database. `After loading Data in the destination` is default. If `While reading Data` is selected, in case of a downstream failure (while loading data into the destination), next sync would result in a full sync. Default: "After loading Data in the destination"; must be one of ["While reading Data", "After loading Data in the destination"]
- `plugin` (String) A logical decoding plugin installed on the PostgreSQL server. Default: "pgoutput"; must be "pgoutput"
- `queue_size` (Number) The size of the internal queue. This may interfere with memory consumption and efficiency of the connector, please be careful. Default: 10000


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--replication_method--scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.replication_method.scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor`



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode`

Optional:

- `allow` (Attributes) Enables encryption only when required by the source database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--allow))
- `disable` (Attributes) Disables encryption of communication between Airbyte and source database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--disable))
- `prefer` (Attributes) Allows unencrypted connection only if the source database does not support encryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--prefer))
- `require` (Attributes) Always require encryption. If the source database server does not support encryption, connection will fail. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--require))
- `verify_ca` (Attributes) Always require encryption and verifies that the source database server has a valid SSL certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_ca))
- `verify_full` (Attributes) This is the most secure mode. Always require encryption and verifies the identity of the source database server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_full))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--allow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.allow`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--disable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.disable`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--prefer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.prefer`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--require"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.require`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.verify_ca`

Required:

- `ca_certificate` (String, Sensitive) CA certificate

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `client_certificate` (String, Sensitive) Client certificate
- `client_key` (String, Sensitive) Client key
- `client_key_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for keystorage. If you do not add it - the password will be generated automatically.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_full"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.verify_full`

Required:

- `ca_certificate` (String, Sensitive) CA certificate

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `client_certificate` (String, Sensitive) Client certificate
- `client_key` (String, Sensitive) Client key
- `client_key_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for keystorage. If you do not add it - the password will be generated automatically.



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method`

Optional:

- `no_tunnel` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel))
- `password_authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication))
- `ssh_key_authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.no_tunnel`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.password_authentication`

Required:

- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host
- `tunnel_user_password` (String, Sensitive) OS-level password for logging into the jump server host

Optional:

- `tunnel_port` (Number) Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections. Default: 22


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.ssh_key_authentication`

Required:

- `ssh_key` (String, Sensitive) OS-level user account ssh key credentials in RSA PEM format ( created with ssh-keygen -t rsa -m PEM -f myuser_rsa )
- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host.

Optional:

- `tunnel_port` (Number) Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections. Default: 22

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_postgres.my_airbyte_source_postgres ""
```
