---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_mongodb Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceMongodb Resource
---

# airbyte_source_mongodb (Resource)

SourceMongodb Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_mongodb" "my_source_mongodb" {
  configuration = {
    auth_source = "admin"
    database    = "...my_database..."
    instance_type = {
      source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas = {
        cluster_url = "...my_cluster_url..."
        instance    = "atlas"
      }
    }
    password    = "...my_password..."
    source_type = "mongodb"
    user        = "...my_user..."
  }
  name         = "Alfonso Keeling"
  secret_id    = "...my_secretId..."
  workspace_id = "8a216e19-bafe-4ca6-9914-98140b64ff8a"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `database` (String) The database you want to replicate.
- `source_type` (String) must be one of [mongodb]

Optional:

- `auth_source` (String) The authentication source where the user information is stored.
- `instance_type` (Attributes) The MongoDb instance to connect to. For MongoDB Atlas and Replica Set TLS connection is used by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--instance_type))
- `password` (String) The password associated with this username.
- `user` (String) The username which is used to access the database.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--instance_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.instance_type`

Optional:

- `source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas` (Attributes) The MongoDb instance to connect to. For MongoDB Atlas and Replica Set TLS connection is used by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas))
- `source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set` (Attributes) The MongoDb instance to connect to. For MongoDB Atlas and Replica Set TLS connection is used by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set))
- `source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance` (Attributes) The MongoDb instance to connect to. For MongoDB Atlas and Replica Set TLS connection is used by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance))
- `source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas` (Attributes) The MongoDb instance to connect to. For MongoDB Atlas and Replica Set TLS connection is used by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas))
- `source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set` (Attributes) The MongoDb instance to connect to. For MongoDB Atlas and Replica Set TLS connection is used by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set))
- `source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance` (Attributes) The MongoDb instance to connect to. For MongoDB Atlas and Replica Set TLS connection is used by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.instance_type.source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas`

Required:

- `cluster_url` (String) The URL of a cluster to connect to.
- `instance` (String) must be one of [atlas]


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.instance_type.source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set`

Required:

- `instance` (String) must be one of [replica]
- `server_addresses` (String) The members of a replica set. Please specify `host`:`port` of each member separated by comma.

Optional:

- `replica_set` (String) A replica set in MongoDB is a group of mongod processes that maintain the same data set.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.instance_type.source_mongodb_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance`

Required:

- `host` (String) The host name of the Mongo database.
- `instance` (String) must be one of [standalone]
- `port` (Number) The port of the Mongo database.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.instance_type.source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_mongo_db_atlas`

Required:

- `cluster_url` (String) The URL of a cluster to connect to.
- `instance` (String) must be one of [atlas]


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.instance_type.source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_replica_set`

Required:

- `instance` (String) must be one of [replica]
- `server_addresses` (String) The members of a replica set. Please specify `host`:`port` of each member separated by comma.

Optional:

- `replica_set` (String) A replica set in MongoDB is a group of mongod processes that maintain the same data set.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--instance_type--source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.instance_type.source_mongodb_update_mongo_db_instance_type_standalone_mongo_db_instance`

Required:

- `host` (String) The host name of the Mongo database.
- `instance` (String) must be one of [standalone]
- `port` (Number) The port of the Mongo database.


