---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_kafka Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceKafka Resource
---

# airbyte_source_kafka (Resource)

SourceKafka Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_kafka" "my_source_kafka" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties   = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    auto_commit_interval_ms = 1
    auto_offset_reset       = "latest"
    bootstrap_servers       = "kafka-broker1:9092,kafka-broker2:9092"
    client_dns_lookup       = "default"
    client_id               = "airbyte-consumer"
    enable_auto_commit      = true
    group_id                = "group.id"
    max_poll_records        = 10
    max_records_process     = 5
    message_format = {
      json = {
        # ...
      }
    }
    polling_time = 10
    protocol = {
      plaintext = {
        # ...
      }
    }
    receive_buffer_bytes = 10
    repeated_calls       = 4
    request_timeout_ms   = 1
    retry_backoff_ms     = 0
    subscription = {
      manually_assign_a_list_of_partitions = {
        topic_partitions = "sample.topic:0, sample.topic:1"
      }
    }
    test_topic = "test.topic"
  }
  definition_id = "5cfd146d-2fb8-44e3-ab5f-29b1e6532e32"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "4d4313f7-30f6-4163-b47d-5b06f01eb908"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "d917a47b-8537-4d0d-8c10-36a9928d4265"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `bootstrap_servers` (String) A list of host/port pairs to use for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. The client will make use of all servers irrespective of which servers are specified here for bootstrapping&mdash;this list only impacts the initial hosts used to discover the full set of servers. This list should be in the form <code>host1:port1,host2:port2,...</code>. Since these servers are just used for the initial connection to discover the full cluster membership (which may change dynamically), this list need not contain the full set of servers (you may want more than one, though, in case a server is down).
- `protocol` (Attributes) The Protocol used to communicate with brokers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--protocol))
- `subscription` (Attributes) You can choose to manually assign a list of partitions, or subscribe to all topics matching specified pattern to get dynamically assigned partitions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--subscription))

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `auto_commit_interval_ms` (Number) The frequency in milliseconds that the consumer offsets are auto-committed to Kafka if enable.auto.commit is set to true. Default: 5000
- `auto_offset_reset` (String) What to do when there is no initial offset in Kafka or if the current offset does not exist any more on the server - earliest: automatically reset the offset to the earliest offset, latest: automatically reset the offset to the latest offset, none: throw exception to the consumer if no previous offset is found for the consumer's group, anything else: throw exception to the consumer. Default: "latest"; must be one of ["latest", "earliest", "none"]
- `client_dns_lookup` (String) Controls how the client uses DNS lookups. If set to use_all_dns_ips, connect to each returned IP address in sequence until a successful connection is established. After a disconnection, the next IP is used. Once all IPs have been used once, the client resolves the IP(s) from the hostname again. If set to resolve_canonical_bootstrap_servers_only, resolve each bootstrap address into a list of canonical names. After the bootstrap phase, this behaves the same as use_all_dns_ips. If set to default (deprecated), attempt to connect to the first IP address returned by the lookup, even if the lookup returns multiple IP addresses. Default: "use_all_dns_ips"; must be one of ["default", "use_all_dns_ips", "resolve_canonical_bootstrap_servers_only"]
- `client_id` (String) An ID string to pass to the server when making requests. The purpose of this is to be able to track the source of requests beyond just ip/port by allowing a logical application name to be included in server-side request logging.
- `enable_auto_commit` (Boolean) If true, the consumer's offset will be periodically committed in the background. Default: true
- `group_id` (String) The Group ID is how you distinguish different consumer groups.
- `max_poll_records` (Number) The maximum number of records returned in a single call to poll(). Note, that max_poll_records does not impact the underlying fetching behavior. The consumer will cache the records from each fetch request and returns them incrementally from each poll. Default: 500
- `max_records_process` (Number) The Maximum to be processed per execution. Default: 100000
- `message_format` (Attributes) The serialization used based on this (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--message_format))
- `polling_time` (Number) Amount of time in milliseconds Kafka connector should try to poll for messages. Default: 100
- `receive_buffer_bytes` (Number) The size of the TCP receive buffer (SO_RCVBUF) to use when reading data. If the value is -1, the OS default will be used. Default: 32768
- `repeated_calls` (Number) The number of repeated calls to poll() if no messages were received. Default: 3
- `request_timeout_ms` (Number) The configuration controls the maximum amount of time the client will wait for the response of a request. If the response is not received before the timeout elapses the client will resend the request if necessary or fail the request if retries are exhausted. Default: 30000
- `retry_backoff_ms` (Number) The amount of time to wait before attempting to retry a failed request to a given topic partition. This avoids repeatedly sending requests in a tight loop under some failure scenarios. Default: 100
- `test_topic` (String) The Topic to test in case the Airbyte can consume messages.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.protocol`

Optional:

- `plaintext` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--protocol--plaintext))
- `sasl_plaintext` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--protocol--sasl_plaintext))
- `sasl_ssl` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--protocol--sasl_ssl))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--protocol--plaintext"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.protocol.plaintext`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--protocol--sasl_plaintext"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.protocol.sasl_plaintext`

Optional:

- `sasl_jaas_config` (String, Sensitive) The JAAS login context parameters for SASL connections in the format used by JAAS configuration files. Default: ""


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--protocol--sasl_ssl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.protocol.sasl_ssl`

Optional:

- `oauthbearer_token_endpoint_url` (String) Endpoint for requesting tokens if setting SASL Mechanism to OAUTHBEARER. Default: ""
- `sasl_jaas_config` (String, Sensitive) The JAAS login context parameters for SASL connections in the format used by JAAS configuration files. Default: ""
- `sasl_mechanism` (String) The SASL mechanism used for client connections. This may be any mechanism for which a security provider is available. Default: "GSSAPI"; must be one of ["GSSAPI", "OAUTHBEARER", "SCRAM-SHA-256", "SCRAM-SHA-512", "PLAIN", "AWS_MSK_IAM"]



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--subscription"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.subscription`

Optional:

- `manually_assign_a_list_of_partitions` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--subscription--manually_assign_a_list_of_partitions))
- `subscribe_to_all_topics_matching_specified_pattern` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--subscription--subscribe_to_all_topics_matching_specified_pattern))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--subscription--manually_assign_a_list_of_partitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.subscription.manually_assign_a_list_of_partitions`

Required:

- `topic_partitions` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--subscription--subscribe_to_all_topics_matching_specified_pattern"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.subscription.subscribe_to_all_topics_matching_specified_pattern`

Required:

- `topic_pattern` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--message_format"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.message_format`

Optional:

- `avro` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--message_format--avro))
- `json` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--message_format--json))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--message_format--avro"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.message_format.avro`

Optional:

- `deserialization_strategy` (String) Default: "TopicNameStrategy"; must be one of ["TopicNameStrategy", "RecordNameStrategy", "TopicRecordNameStrategy"]
- `schema_registry_password` (String, Sensitive) Default: ""
- `schema_registry_url` (String)
- `schema_registry_username` (String) Default: ""


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--message_format--json"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.message_format.json`




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_kafka.my_airbyte_source_kafka
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_kafka.my_airbyte_source_kafka "..."
```
