---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_netsuite_enterprise Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceNetsuiteEnterprise Resource
---

# airbyte_source_netsuite_enterprise (Resource)

SourceNetsuiteEnterprise Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_netsuite_enterprise" "my_source_netsuiteenterprise" {
  configuration = {
    account_id            = "...my_account_id..."
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    authentication_method = {
      password_authentication = {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        authentication_method = "password_authentication"
        password              = "...my_password..."
      }
    }
    check_privileges                   = true
    checkpoint_target_interval_seconds = 0
    concurrency                        = 0
    cursor = {
      scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor = {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        cursor_method         = "user_defined"
      }
    }
    host            = "...my_host..."
    jdbc_url_params = "...my_jdbc_url_params..."
    port            = 23532
    role_id         = "...my_role_id..."
    tunnel_method = {
      ssh_key_authentication = {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        ssh_key               = "...my_ssh_key..."
        tunnel_host           = "...my_tunnel_host..."
        tunnel_method         = "SSH_KEY_AUTH"
        tunnel_port           = 57500
        tunnel_user           = "...my_tunnel_user..."
      }
    }
    username = "...my_username..."
  }
  definition_id = "b1a37fdc-e9dc-446b-bb63-0075ceb6310e"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "32a5fd0b-a2bf-4401-ab81-427ed8dbf79a"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "b979cb59-34b3-4f8b-9bf7-ae82d6371e2a"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `account_id` (String) The username which is used to access the database.
- `authentication_method` (Attributes) Configure how to authenticate to Netsuite. Options include username/password or token-based authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method))
- `cursor` (Attributes) Configures how data is extracted from the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--cursor))
- `host` (String) Hostname of the database.
- `role_id` (String) The username which is used to access the database.
- `tunnel_method` (Attributes) Whether to initiate an SSH tunnel before connecting to the database, and if so, which kind of authentication to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method))
- `username` (String) The username which is used to access the database.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `check_privileges` (Boolean) When this feature is enabled, during schema discovery the connector will query each table or view individually to check access privileges and inaccessible tables, views, or columns therein will be removed. In large schemas, this might cause schema discovery to take too long, in which case it might be advisable to disable this feature. Default: true
- `checkpoint_target_interval_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) a stream should checkpoint, when possible. Default: 300
- `concurrency` (Number) Maximum number of concurrent queries to the database. Default: 1
- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database formatted as 'key=value' pairs separated by the symbol '&'. (example: key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3).
- `port` (Number) Port of the database. Default: 1708

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.authentication_method`

Optional:

- `o_auth2_authentication` (Attributes) Authenticate using OAuth2. This requires a consumer key, the private part of the certificate with which netsuite OAuth2 Client Credentials was setup and the certificate ID for the OAuth2 setup entry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method--o_auth2_authentication))
- `password_authentication` (Attributes) Authenticate using a password. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method--password_authentication))
- `token_based_authentication` (Attributes) Authenticate using a token-based authentication method. This requires a consumer key and secret, as well as a token ID and secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method--token_based_authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method--o_auth2_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.authentication_method.o_auth2_authentication`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The consumer key used for OAuth2 authentication. This is generated in NetSuite when creating an integration record.
- `key_id` (String) The certificate ID for the OAuth 2.0 Client Credentials Setup entry.
- `oauth2_private_key` (String, Sensitive) The private portion of the certificate with which OAuth2 was setup. ( created with openssl req -new -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -keyout private.pem -sigopt rsa_padding_mode:pss -sha256 -sigopt rsa_pss_saltlen:64 -out public.pem -nodes -days 365 )

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `authentication_method` (String) Default: "oauth2_authentication"; must be "oauth2_authentication"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method--password_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.authentication_method.password_authentication`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password associated with the username.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `authentication_method` (String) Default: "password_authentication"; must be "password_authentication"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--authentication_method--token_based_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.authentication_method.token_based_authentication`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The consumer key used for token-based authentication. This is generated in NetSuite when creating an integration record.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The consumer secret used for token-based authentication. This is generated in NetSuite when creating an integration record.
- `token_id` (String) The token ID used for token-based authentication. This is generated in NetSuite when creating a token-based role.
- `token_secret` (String, Sensitive) The token secret used for token-based authentication. This is generated in NetSuite when creating a token-based role.Ensure to keep this value secure.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `authentication_method` (String) Default: "token_based_authentication"; must be "token_based_authentication"



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--cursor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.cursor`

Optional:

- `scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor` (Attributes) Incrementally detects new inserts and updates using the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/connections/incremental-append/#user-defined-cursor">cursor column</a> chosen when configuring a connection (e.g. created_at, updated_at). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--cursor--scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--cursor--scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.cursor.scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `cursor_method` (String) Default: "user_defined"; must be "user_defined"



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method`

Optional:

- `no_tunnel` (Attributes) No ssh tunnel needed to connect to database (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel))
- `password_authentication` (Attributes) Connect through a jump server tunnel host using username and password authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication))
- `ssh_key_authentication` (Attributes) Connect through a jump server tunnel host using username and ssh key (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.no_tunnel`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `tunnel_method` (String) Default: "NO_TUNNEL"; must be "NO_TUNNEL"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.password_authentication`

Required:

- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host
- `tunnel_user_password` (String, Sensitive) OS-level password for logging into the jump server host

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `tunnel_method` (String) Default: "SSH_PASSWORD_AUTH"; must be "SSH_PASSWORD_AUTH"
- `tunnel_port` (Number) Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections. Default: 22


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.ssh_key_authentication`

Required:

- `ssh_key` (String, Sensitive) OS-level user account ssh key credentials in RSA PEM format ( created with ssh-keygen -t rsa -m PEM -f myuser_rsa )
- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `tunnel_method` (String) Default: "SSH_KEY_AUTH"; must be "SSH_KEY_AUTH"
- `tunnel_port` (Number) Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections. Default: 22




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_netsuite_enterprise.my_airbyte_source_netsuite_enterprise
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_netsuite_enterprise.my_airbyte_source_netsuite_enterprise "..."
```
