---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_clickhouse Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceClickhouse Resource
---

# airbyte_source_clickhouse (Resource)

SourceClickhouse Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_clickhouse" "my_source_clickhouse" {
  configuration = {
    database        = "default"
    host            = "...my_host..."
    jdbc_url_params = "...my_jdbc_url_params..."
    password        = "...my_password..."
    port            = 8123
    ssl             = true
    tunnel_method = {
      ssh_key_authentication = {
        ssh_key     = "...my_ssh_key..."
        tunnel_host = "...my_tunnel_host..."
        tunnel_port = 22
        tunnel_user = "...my_tunnel_user..."
      }
    }
    username = "...my_username..."
  }
  definition_id = "00b2c59e-fb58-46ac-b669-7fa91692b680"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "d293fe7d-2312-4e0a-bed1-1c816b32f541"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `database` (String) The name of the database.
- `host` (String) The host endpoint of the Clickhouse cluster.
- `username` (String) The username which is used to access the database.

Optional:

- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database formatted as 'key=value' pairs separated by the symbol '&'. (Eg. key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3). For more information read about <a href="https://jdbc.postgresql.org/documentation/head/connect.html">JDBC URL parameters</a>.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password associated with this username.
- `port` (Number) The port of the database. Default: 8123
- `ssl` (Boolean) Encrypt data using SSL. Default: true
- `tunnel_method` (Attributes) Whether to initiate an SSH tunnel before connecting to the database, and if so, which kind of authentication to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method`

Optional:

- `no_tunnel` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel))
- `password_authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication))
- `ssh_key_authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--no_tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.no_tunnel`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--password_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.password_authentication`

Required:

- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host
- `tunnel_user_password` (String, Sensitive) OS-level password for logging into the jump server host

Optional:

- `tunnel_port` (Number) Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections. Default: 22


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--tunnel_method--ssh_key_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.tunnel_method.ssh_key_authentication`

Required:

- `ssh_key` (String, Sensitive) OS-level user account ssh key credentials in RSA PEM format ( created with ssh-keygen -t rsa -m PEM -f myuser_rsa )
- `tunnel_host` (String) Hostname of the jump server host that allows inbound ssh tunnel.
- `tunnel_user` (String) OS-level username for logging into the jump server host.

Optional:

- `tunnel_port` (Number) Port on the proxy/jump server that accepts inbound ssh connections. Default: 22

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_clickhouse.my_airbyte_source_clickhouse ""
```
