---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_lever_hiring Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceLeverHiring Resource
---

# airbyte_source_lever_hiring (Resource)

SourceLeverHiring Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_lever_hiring" "my_source_leverhiring" {
  configuration = {
    credentials = {
      authenticate_via_lever_api_key = {
        api_key = "...my_api_key..."
      }
    }
    environment = "Production"
    start_date  = "2021-03-01T00:00:00Z"
  }
  definition_id = "5647eb6b-abc0-4f9b-98b2-eafdc453fb6a"
  name          = "Joan Moen"
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "447712b4-a020-4883-8aab-effb8d976510"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2017-01-25T00:00:00Z. Any data before this date will not be replicated. Note that it will be used only in the following incremental streams: comments, commits, and issues.

Optional:

- `credentials` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate to Lever Hiring. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `environment` (String) The environment in which you'd like to replicate data for Lever. This is used to determine which Lever API endpoint to use. must be one of ["Production", "Sandbox"]; Default: "Sandbox"

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `authenticate_via_lever_api_key` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_via_lever_api_key))
- `authenticate_via_lever_o_auth` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_via_lever_o_auth))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_via_lever_api_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.authenticate_via_lever_api_key`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) The Api Key of your Lever Hiring account.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_via_lever_o_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.authenticate_via_lever_o_auth`

Required:

- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) The token for obtaining new access token.

Optional:

- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of your Lever Hiring developer application.
- `client_secret` (String) The Client Secret of your Lever Hiring developer application.


