---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_pardot Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourcePardot Resource
---

# airbyte_source_pardot (Resource)

SourcePardot Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_pardot" "my_source_pardot" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties   = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    client_id               = "...my_client_id..."
    client_secret           = "...my_client_secret..."
    is_sandbox              = true
    pardot_business_unit_id = "...my_pardot_business_unit_id..."
    refresh_token           = "...my_refresh_token..."
    start_date              = "2021-07-25T00:00:00Z"
    v5_page_size            = 0
  }
  definition_id = "762e3001-6edb-4979-8bc5-5c4d9f862232"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "d5e8c4ce-fc79-41ce-a312-1e9b3d367285"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The Consumer Key that can be found when viewing your app in Salesforce
- `client_secret` (String) The Consumer Secret that can be found when viewing your app in Salesforce
- `pardot_business_unit_id` (String) Pardot Business ID, can be found at Setup > Pardot > Pardot Account Setup
- `refresh_token` (String) Salesforce Refresh Token used for Airbyte to access your Salesforce account. If you don't know what this is, follow this <a href="https://medium.com/@bpmmendis94/obtain-access-refresh-tokens-from-salesforce-rest-api-a324fe4ccd9b">guide</a> to retrieve it.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `is_sandbox` (Boolean) Whether or not the the app is in a Salesforce sandbox. If you do not know what this, assume it is false. Default: false
- `start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2000-01-01T00:00:00Z. Any data before this date will not be replicated. Defaults to the year Pardot was released. Default: "2007-01-01T00:00:00Z"
- `v5_page_size` (Number) The maximum number of records to return per request


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_pardot.my_airbyte_source_pardot
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_pardot.my_airbyte_source_pardot "..."
```
