---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_db2 Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceDb2 Resource
---

# airbyte_source_db2 (Resource)

SourceDb2 Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_db2" "my_source_db2" {
  configuration = {
    db = "default"
    encryption = {
      tls_encrypted_verify_certificate = {
        key_store_password = "...my_key_store_password..."
        ssl_certificate    = "...my_ssl_certificate..."
      }
    }
    host            = "...my_host..."
    jdbc_url_params = "...my_jdbc_url_params..."
    password        = "...my_password..."
    port            = 8123
    username        = "...my_username..."
  }
  definition_id = "12ecc78f-73de-4e6c-b4e0-8b7212cfcf1f"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "fa8327c1-44b2-4755-94bd-ac49d20afaba"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `db` (String) Name of the database.
- `encryption` (Attributes) Encryption method to use when communicating with the database (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--encryption))
- `host` (String) Host of the Db2.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password associated with the username.
- `username` (String) Username to use to access the database.

Optional:

- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database formatted as 'key=value' pairs separated by the symbol '&'. (example: key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3).
- `port` (Number) Port of the database. Default: 8123

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.encryption`

Optional:

- `tls_encrypted_verify_certificate` (Attributes) Verify and use the cert provided by the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--encryption--tls_encrypted_verify_certificate))
- `unencrypted` (Attributes) Data transfer will not be encrypted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--encryption--unencrypted))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--encryption--tls_encrypted_verify_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.encryption.tls_encrypted_verify_certificate`

Required:

- `ssl_certificate` (String, Sensitive) Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM) files are concatenated certificate containers frequently used in certificate installations

Optional:

- `key_store_password` (String, Sensitive) Key Store Password


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--encryption--unencrypted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.encryption.unencrypted`




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_db2.my_airbyte_source_db2
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_db2.my_airbyte_source_db2 "..."
```
