---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_smartsheets Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceSmartsheets Resource
---

# airbyte_source_smartsheets (Resource)

SourceSmartsheets Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_smartsheets" "my_source_smartsheets" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    credentials = {
      o_auth20 = {
        access_token      = "...my_access_token..."
        client_id         = "...my_client_id..."
        client_secret     = "...my_client_secret..."
        refresh_token     = "...my_refresh_token..."
        token_expiry_date = "2021-05-13T13:15:18.521Z"
      }
    }
    is_report = false
    metadata_fields = [
      "row_expanded"
    ]
    spreadsheet_id = "...my_spreadsheet_id..."
    start_datetime = "2000-01-01T13:00:00"
  }
  definition_id = "002b9562-dfe0-4357-bd10-30c9f3cda4c7"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "65f657d8-fd3b-49a9-af69-90fbc23c85f7"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `spreadsheet_id` (String) The spreadsheet ID. Find it by opening the spreadsheet then navigating to File > Properties

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `is_report` (Boolean) If true, the source will treat the provided sheet_id as a report. If false, the source will treat the provided sheet_id as a sheet. Default: false
- `metadata_fields` (List of String) A List of available columns which metadata can be pulled from.
- `start_datetime` (String) Only rows modified after this date/time will be replicated. This should be an ISO 8601 string, for instance: `2000-01-01T13:00:00`. Default: "2020-01-01T00:00:00+00:00"

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `api_access_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--api_access_token))
- `o_auth20` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--api_access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.api_access_token`

Required:

- `access_token` (String) The access token to use for accessing your data from Smartsheets. This access token must be generated by a user with at least read access to the data you'd like to replicate. Generate an access token in the Smartsheets main menu by clicking Account > Apps & Integrations > API Access. See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/smartsheets/#setup-guide">setup guide</a> for information on how to obtain this token.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.o_auth20`

Required:

- `access_token` (String) Access Token for making authenticated requests.
- `client_id` (String) The API ID of the SmartSheets developer application.
- `client_secret` (String) The API Secret the SmartSheets developer application.
- `refresh_token` (String) The key to refresh the expired access_token.
- `token_expiry_date` (String) The date-time when the access token should be refreshed.




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_smartsheets.my_airbyte_source_smartsheets
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_smartsheets.my_airbyte_source_smartsheets "..."
```
