---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_snowflake Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceSnowflake Resource
---

# airbyte_source_snowflake (Resource)

SourceSnowflake Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_snowflake" "my_source_snowflake" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties              = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    check_privileges                   = false
    checkpoint_target_interval_seconds = 5
    concurrency                        = 0
    credentials = {
      key_pair_authentication = {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        auth_type             = "Key Pair Authentication"
        private_key           = "...my_private_key..."
        private_key_password  = "...my_private_key_password..."
        username              = "...my_username..."
      }
    }
    cursor = {
      scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor = {
        additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
        cursor_method         = "user_defined"
      }
    }
    database        = "...my_database..."
    host            = "...my_host..."
    jdbc_url_params = "...my_jdbc_url_params..."
    role            = "...my_role..."
    schema          = "...my_schema..."
    warehouse       = "...my_warehouse..."
  }
  definition_id = "27125485-2542-4c33-816b-4945c1b73270"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "f456591a-a491-49d7-af41-2d440d1ae6ee"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `database` (String) The database you created for Airbyte to access data.
- `host` (String) The host domain of the snowflake instance (must include the account, region, cloud environment, and end with snowflakecomputing.com).
- `role` (String) The role you created for Airbyte to access Snowflake.
- `warehouse` (String) The warehouse you created for Airbyte to access data.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `check_privileges` (Boolean) When this feature is enabled, during schema discovery the connector will query each table or view individually to check access privileges and inaccessible tables, views, or columns therein will be removed. In large schemas, this might cause schema discovery to take too long, in which case it might be advisable to disable this feature. Default: true
- `checkpoint_target_interval_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) a stream should checkpoint, when possible. Default: 300
- `concurrency` (Number) Maximum number of concurrent queries to the database. Default: 1
- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `cursor` (Attributes) Configures how data is extracted from the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--cursor))
- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database formatted as 'key=value' pairs separated by the symbol '&'. (example: key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3).
- `schema` (String) The source Snowflake schema tables. Leave empty to access tables from multiple schemas.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `key_pair_authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--key_pair_authentication))
- `username_and_password` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--username_and_password))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--key_pair_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.key_pair_authentication`

Required:

- `private_key` (String) RSA Private key to use for Snowflake connection. See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/snowflake#key-pair-authentication">docs</a> for more information on how to obtain this key.
- `username` (String) The username you created to allow Airbyte to access the database.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `auth_type` (String) Default: "Key Pair Authentication"; must be "Key Pair Authentication"
- `private_key_password` (String) Passphrase for private key


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--username_and_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.username_and_password`

Required:

- `password` (String) The password associated with the username.
- `username` (String) The username you created to allow Airbyte to access the database.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `auth_type` (String) Default: "username/password"; must be "username/password"



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--cursor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.cursor`

Optional:

- `scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor` (Attributes) Incrementally detects new inserts and updates using the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/understanding-airbyte/connections/incremental-append/#user-defined-cursor">cursor column</a> chosen when configuring a connection (e.g. created_at, updated_at). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--cursor--scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--cursor--scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.cursor.scan_changes_with_user_defined_cursor`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `cursor_method` (String) Default: "user_defined"; must be "user_defined"




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_snowflake.my_airbyte_source_snowflake
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_snowflake.my_airbyte_source_snowflake "..."
```
