---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_tiktok_marketing Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceTiktokMarketing Resource
---

# airbyte_source_tiktok_marketing (Resource)

SourceTiktokMarketing Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_tiktok_marketing" "my_source_tiktokmarketing" {
  configuration = {
    attribution_window = 6
    credentials = {
      o_auth20 = {
        access_token  = "...my_access_token..."
        advertiser_id = "...my_advertiser_id..."
        app_id        = "...my_app_id..."
        secret        = "...my_secret..."
      }
    }
    end_date        = "2022-01-13"
    include_deleted = true
    start_date      = "2021-09-07"
  }
  definition_id = "e012beba-22c9-4964-9ef6-30f5d8739c0e"
  name          = "Hazel Pfeffer"
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "2ddb04c9-bce3-487d-a644-4a186797a763"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `attribution_window` (Number) The attribution window in days. Default: 3
- `credentials` (Attributes) Authentication method (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `end_date` (String) The date until which you'd like to replicate data for all incremental streams, in the format YYYY-MM-DD. All data generated between start_date and this date will be replicated. Not setting this option will result in always syncing the data till the current date.
- `include_deleted` (Boolean) Set to active if you want to include deleted data in report based streams and Ads, Ad Groups and Campaign streams. Default: false
- `start_date` (String) The Start Date in format: YYYY-MM-DD. Any data before this date will not be replicated. If this parameter is not set, all data will be replicated. Default: "2016-09-01"

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `o_auth20` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20))
- `sandbox_access_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--sandbox_access_token))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.o_auth20`

Required:

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) Long-term Authorized Access Token.
- `app_id` (String, Sensitive) The Developer Application App ID.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The Developer Application Secret.

Optional:

- `advertiser_id` (String) The Advertiser ID to filter reports and streams. Let this empty to retrieve all.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--sandbox_access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.sandbox_access_token`

Required:

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) The long-term authorized access token.
- `advertiser_id` (String) The Advertiser ID which generated for the developer's Sandbox application.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_tiktok_marketing.my_airbyte_source_tiktok_marketing ""
```
