---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_asana Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceAsana Resource
---

# airbyte_source_asana (Resource)

SourceAsana Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_asana" "my_source_asana" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    credentials = {
      authenticate_with_personal_access_token = {
        personal_access_token = "...my_personal_access_token..."
      }
    }
    num_workers = 1
    organization_export_ids = [
      "..."
    ]
    test_mode = false
  }
  definition_id = "190f0a64-da8f-4fe0-96fe-8f093bde58b4"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "04d30e4f-141a-4d2b-bfba-3940b90ad598"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "d0243522-dccf-4978-8ba0-37ed47a0bdbf"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `credentials` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate to Github (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `num_workers` (Number) The number of worker threads to use for the sync. The performance upper boundary is based on the limit of your Asana pricing plan. More info about the rate limit tiers can be found on Asana's API <a href="https://developers.asana.com/docs/rate-limits">docs</a>. Default: 10
- `organization_export_ids` (List of String) Globally unique identifiers for the organization exports
- `test_mode` (Boolean) This flag is used for testing purposes for certain streams that return a lot of data. This flag is not meant to be enabled for prod.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `authenticate_via_asana_oauth` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_via_asana_oauth))
- `authenticate_with_personal_access_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_with_personal_access_token))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_via_asana_oauth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.authenticate_via_asana_oauth`

Required:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive)
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive)
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive)


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_with_personal_access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.authenticate_with_personal_access_token`

Required:

- `personal_access_token` (String, Sensitive) Asana Personal Access Token (generate yours <a href="https://app.asana.com/0/developer-console">here</a>).




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_asana.my_airbyte_source_asana
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_asana.my_airbyte_source_asana "..."
```
