---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_datadog Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceDatadog Resource
---

# airbyte_source_datadog (Resource)

SourceDatadog Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_datadog" "my_source_datadog" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties   = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    api_key                 = "...my_api_key..."
    application_key         = "...my_application_key..."
    end_date                = "2022-10-01T00:00:00Z"
    max_records_per_request = 2070
    queries = [
      {
        data_source = "rum"
        name        = "...my_name..."
        query       = "...my_query..."
      }
    ]
    query      = "...my_query..."
    site       = "us3.datadoghq.com"
    start_date = "2022-10-01T00:00:00Z"
  }
  definition_id = "2540902d-96ce-424c-aecb-6e08ce06d99a"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "de17fce0-44d9-442c-bb38-b8bd289009e8"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "1cfc30c7-82db-43f4-9fd7-ac1b42312cda"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Datadog API key
- `application_key` (String, Sensitive) Datadog application key

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `end_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2017-01-25T00:00:00Z. Data after this date will  not be replicated. An empty value will represent the current datetime for each  execution. This just applies to Incremental syncs.
- `max_records_per_request` (Number) Maximum number of records to collect per request. Default: 5000
- `queries` (Attributes List) List of queries to be run and used as inputs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--queries))
- `query` (String) The search query. This just applies to Incremental syncs. If empty, it'll collect all logs.
- `site` (String) The site where Datadog data resides in. Default: "datadoghq.com"; must be one of ["datadoghq.com", "us3.datadoghq.com", "us5.datadoghq.com", "datadoghq.eu", "ddog-gov.com"]
- `start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2017-01-25T00:00:00Z. Any data before this date will not be replicated. This just applies to Incremental syncs. Default: "2023-12-01T00:00:00Z"

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--queries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.queries`

Required:

- `data_source` (String) A data source that is powered by the platform. must be one of ["metrics", "cloud_cost", "logs", "rum"]
- `name` (String) The variable name for use in queries.
- `query` (String) A classic query string.



<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_datadog.my_airbyte_source_datadog
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_datadog.my_airbyte_source_datadog "..."
```
