---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_singlestore Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceSinglestore Resource
---

# airbyte_source_singlestore (Resource)

SourceSinglestore Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_singlestore" "my_source_singlestore" {
  configuration = {
    database           = "...my_database..."
    host               = "...my_host..."
    jdbc_url_params    = "...my_jdbc_url_params..."
    password           = "...my_password..."
    port               = 3306
    replication_method = "STANDARD"
    ssl_mode = {
      disable = {
        # ...
      }
      required = {
        # ...
      }
    }
    username = "...my_username..."
  }
  definition_id = "107cdce7-8707-4206-9845-202877de1aab"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "98486ca7-3f16-4af4-be4d-6158e7f4d800"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `database` (String) Name of the database.
- `host` (String) Hostname of the database.
- `username` (String) Username to use to access the database.

Optional:

- `jdbc_url_params` (String) Additional properties to pass to the JDBC URL string when connecting to the database formatted as 'key=value' pairs separated by the symbol '&'. (example: key1=value1&key2=value2&key3=value3). For more information read about <a href="https://docs.singlestore.com/cloud/developer-resources/connect-with-application-development-tools/connect-with-java-jdbc/the-singlestore-jdbc-driver/#connection-string-parameters">JDBC URL parameters</a>.
- `password` (String) Password associated with the username.
- `port` (Number) Port of the database. Default: 3306
- `replication_method` (String) Replication method to use for extracting data from the database. STANDARD replication requires no setup on the DB side but will not be able to represent deletions incrementally. Default: "STANDARD"; must be "STANDARD"
- `ssl_mode` (Attributes) SSL connection modes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode`

Optional:

- `disable` (Attributes) Do not use SSL/TLS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--disable))
- `required` (Attributes) Only use SSL/TLS for encryption. Do not perform certificate or hostname verification. This mode is not safe for production applications. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--required))
- `verify_ca` (Attributes) Use SSL/TLS for encryption and perform certificates verification, but do not perform hostname verification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_ca))
- `verify_full` (Attributes) Use SSL/TLS for encryption, certificate verification, and hostname verification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_full))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--disable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.disable`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--required"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.required`


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_ca"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.verify_ca`

Required:

- `ca_certificate` (String) CA certificate

Optional:

- `client_certificate` (String) Client certificate (this is not a required field, but if you want to use it, you will need to add the <b>Client key</b> as well)
- `client_key` (String) Client key (this is not a required field, but if you want to use it, you will need to add the <b>Client certificate</b> as well)
- `client_key_password` (String) Password for keystorage. This field is optional. If you do not add it - the password will be generated automatically.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ssl_mode--verify_full"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ssl_mode.verify_full`

Required:

- `ca_certificate` (String) CA certificate

Optional:

- `client_certificate` (String) Client certificate (this is not a required field, but if you want to use it, you will need to add the <b>Client key</b> as well)
- `client_key` (String) Client key (this is not a required field, but if you want to use it, you will need to add the <b>Client certificate</b> as well)
- `client_key_password` (String) Password for keystorage. This field is optional. If you do not add it - the password will be generated automatically.




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_singlestore.my_airbyte_source_singlestore
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_singlestore.my_airbyte_source_singlestore "..."
```
