---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_amazon_ads Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceAmazonAds Resource
---

# airbyte_source_amazon_ads (Resource)

SourceAmazonAds Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_amazon_ads" "my_source_amazonads" {
  configuration = {
    client_id        = "...my_client_id..."
    client_secret    = "...my_client_secret..."
    look_back_window = 3
    marketplace_ids = [
      "..."
    ]
    num_workers = 2
    profiles = [
      1
    ]
    refresh_token = "...my_refresh_token..."
    region        = "FE"
    start_date    = "2022-10-10"
  }
  definition_id = "af6454d1-eef9-48c7-951f-d90f8c67b58a"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "a6beec71-8c3b-4cf7-87f9-463dd8bf8f4e"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "c6b0a29e-1da9-4512-9002-7bfd0cba2246"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) The client ID of your Amazon Ads developer application. See the <a href="https://advertising.amazon.com/API/docs/en-us/get-started/generate-api-tokens#retrieve-your-client-id-and-client-secret">docs</a> for more information.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret of your Amazon Ads developer application. See the <a href="https://advertising.amazon.com/API/docs/en-us/get-started/generate-api-tokens#retrieve-your-client-id-and-client-secret">docs</a> for more information.
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) Amazon Ads refresh token. See the <a href="https://advertising.amazon.com/API/docs/en-us/get-started/generate-api-tokens">docs</a> for more information on how to obtain this token.

Optional:

- `look_back_window` (Number) The amount of days to go back in time to get the updated data from Amazon Ads. Default: 3
- `marketplace_ids` (List of String) Marketplace IDs you want to fetch data for. Note: If Profile IDs are also selected, profiles will be selected if they match the Profile ID OR the Marketplace ID.
- `num_workers` (Number) The number of worker threads to use for the sync. Default: 10
- `profiles` (List of Number) Profile IDs you want to fetch data for. The Amazon Ads source connector supports only profiles with seller and vendor type, profiles with agency type will be ignored. See <a href="https://advertising.amazon.com/API/docs/en-us/concepts/authorization/profiles">docs</a> for more details. Note: If Marketplace IDs are also selected, profiles will be selected if they match the Profile ID OR the Marketplace ID.
- `region` (String) Region to pull data from (EU/NA/FE). See <a href="https://advertising.amazon.com/API/docs/en-us/info/api-overview#api-endpoints">docs</a> for more details. Default: "NA"; must be one of ["NA", "EU", "FE"]
- `start_date` (String) The Start date for collecting reports, should not be more than 60 days in the past. In YYYY-MM-DD format


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_amazon_ads.my_airbyte_source_amazon_ads
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_amazon_ads.my_airbyte_source_amazon_ads "..."
```
