---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_paypal_transaction Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourcePaypalTransaction Resource
---

# airbyte_source_paypal_transaction (Resource)

SourcePaypalTransaction Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_paypal_transaction" "my_source_paypaltransaction" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    client_id             = "...my_client_id..."
    client_secret         = "...my_client_secret..."
    dispute_start_date    = "2021-06-11T23:59:59.000Z"
    end_date              = "2021-06-11T23:59:59Z"
    is_sandbox            = false
    refresh_token         = "...my_refresh_token..."
    start_date            = "2021-06-11T23:59:59Z"
    time_window           = 15
  }
  definition_id = "3eb04bd6-98a6-48c4-a062-47a98b062443"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "50745f0a-d8f4-4aaf-82d4-113d8f1712a4"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) The Client ID of your Paypal developer application.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Client Secret of your Paypal developer application.
- `start_date` (String) Start Date for data extraction in <a href=\"https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339#section-5.6\">ISO format</a>. Date must be in range from 3 years till 12 hrs before present time.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `dispute_start_date` (String) Start Date parameter for the list dispute endpoint in <a href=\"https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339#section-5.6\">ISO format</a>. This Start Date must be in range within 180 days before present time, and requires ONLY 3 miliseconds(mandatory). If you don't use this option, it defaults to a start date set 180 days in the past.
- `end_date` (String) End Date for data extraction in <a href=\"https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339#section-5.6\">ISO format</a>. This can be help you select specific range of time, mainly for test purposes  or data integrity tests. When this is not used, now_utc() is used by the streams. This does not apply to Disputes and Product streams.
- `is_sandbox` (Boolean) Determines whether to use the sandbox or production environment. Default: false
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) The key to refresh the expired access token.
- `time_window` (Number) The number of days per request. Must be a number between 1 and 31. Default: 7


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_paypal_transaction.my_airbyte_source_paypal_transaction
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_paypal_transaction.my_airbyte_source_paypal_transaction "..."
```
