---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_linkedin_ads Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceLinkedinAds Resource
---

# airbyte_source_linkedin_ads (Resource)

SourceLinkedinAds Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_linkedin_ads" "my_source_linkedinads" {
  configuration = {
    account_ids = [
      4
    ]
    ad_analytics_reports = [
      {
        name             = "...my_name..."
        pivot_by         = "MEMBER_JOB_TITLE"
        time_granularity = "MONTHLY"
      }
    ]
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    credentials = {
      access_token = {
        access_token = "...my_access_token..."
      }
    }
    lookback_window = 3
    num_workers     = 34
    start_date      = "2021-05-17"
  }
  definition_id = "6103991f-50f8-4ff5-a7c2-f07535bd7995"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "a6809f5e-180e-4fd3-8ff7-576172bbda48"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "137ece28-5434-455c-8f34-69dc3782f451"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `start_date` (String) UTC date in the format YYYY-MM-DD. Any data before this date will not be replicated.

Optional:

- `account_ids` (List of Number) Specify the account IDs to pull data from, separated by a space. Leave this field empty if you want to pull the data from all accounts accessible by the authenticated user. See the <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/a424270/find-linkedin-ads-account-details?lang=en">LinkedIn docs</a> to locate these IDs. Default: []
- `ad_analytics_reports` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ad_analytics_reports))
- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `lookback_window` (Number) How far into the past to look for records. (in days). Default: 0
- `num_workers` (Number) The number of workers to use for the connector. This is used to limit the number of concurrent requests to the LinkedIn Ads API. If not set, the default is 3 workers. Default: 3

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ad_analytics_reports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ad_analytics_reports`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name for the custom report.
- `pivot_by` (String) Choose a category to pivot your analytics report around. This selection will organize your data based on the chosen attribute, allowing you to analyze trends and performance from different perspectives. must be one of ["COMPANY", "ACCOUNT", "SHARE", "CAMPAIGN", "CREATIVE", "CAMPAIGN_GROUP", "CONVERSION", "CONVERSATION_NODE", "CONVERSATION_NODE_OPTION_INDEX", "SERVING_LOCATION", "CARD_INDEX", "MEMBER_COMPANY_SIZE", "MEMBER_INDUSTRY", "MEMBER_SENIORITY", "MEMBER_JOB_TITLE", "MEMBER_JOB_FUNCTION", "MEMBER_COUNTRY_V2", "MEMBER_REGION_V2", "MEMBER_COMPANY", "PLACEMENT_NAME", "IMPRESSION_DEVICE_TYPE"]
- `time_granularity` (String) Choose how to group the data in your report by time. The options are:<br>- 'ALL': A single result summarizing the entire time range.<br>- 'DAILY': Group results by each day.<br>- 'MONTHLY': Group results by each month.<br>- 'YEARLY': Group results by each year.<br>Selecting a time grouping helps you analyze trends and patterns over different time periods. must be one of ["ALL", "DAILY", "MONTHLY", "YEARLY"]


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `access_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--access_token))
- `o_auth20` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--access_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.access_token`

Required:

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) The access token generated for your developer application. Refer to our <a href='https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/linkedin-ads#setup-guide'>documentation</a> for more information.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.o_auth20`

Required:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) The client ID of your developer application. Refer to our <a href='https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/linkedin-ads#setup-guide'>documentation</a> for more information.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret of your developer application. Refer to our <a href='https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/linkedin-ads#setup-guide'>documentation</a> for more information.
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) The key to refresh the expired access token. Refer to our <a href='https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/linkedin-ads#setup-guide'>documentation</a> for more information.




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_linkedin_ads.my_airbyte_source_linkedin_ads
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_linkedin_ads.my_airbyte_source_linkedin_ads "..."
```
