---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_snapchat_marketing Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceSnapchatMarketing Resource
---

# airbyte_source_snapchat_marketing (Resource)

SourceSnapchatMarketing Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_snapchat_marketing" "my_source_snapchatmarketing" {
  configuration = {
    action_report_time = "impression"
    ad_account_ids = [
      "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    ]
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    client_id             = "...my_client_id..."
    client_secret         = "...my_client_secret..."
    end_date              = "2022-01-30"
    organization_ids = [
      "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    ]
    refresh_token               = "...my_refresh_token..."
    start_date                  = "2022-01-01"
    swipe_up_attribution_window = "7_DAY"
    view_attribution_window     = "1_HOUR"
  }
  definition_id = "1299fa04-4937-407e-99e4-bc441ad499f0"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "a5e72bda-13a9-4a82-ab4d-94fe6a570980"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of your Snapchat developer application.
- `client_secret` (String) The Client Secret of your Snapchat developer application.
- `refresh_token` (String) Refresh Token to renew the expired Access Token.

Optional:

- `action_report_time` (String) Specifies the principle for conversion reporting. Default: "conversion"; must be one of ["conversion", "impression"]
- `ad_account_ids` (List of String) Ad Account IDs of the ad accounts to retrieve
- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `end_date` (String) Date in the format 2017-01-25. Any data after this date will not be replicated.
- `organization_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the organizations to retrieve
- `start_date` (String) Date in the format 2022-01-01. Any data before this date will not be replicated. Default: "2022-01-01"
- `swipe_up_attribution_window` (String) Attribution window for swipe ups. Default: "28_DAY"; must be one of ["1_DAY", "7_DAY", "28_DAY"]
- `view_attribution_window` (String) Attribution window for views. Default: "1_DAY"; must be one of ["1_HOUR", "3_HOUR", "6_HOUR", "1_DAY", "7_DAY"]


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_snapchat_marketing.my_airbyte_source_snapchat_marketing
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_snapchat_marketing.my_airbyte_source_snapchat_marketing "..."
```
