---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_slack Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceSlack Resource
---

# airbyte_source_slack (Resource)

SourceSlack Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_slack" "my_source_slack" {
  configuration = {
    channel_filter = [
      "...",
    ]
    credentials = {
      api_token = {
        api_token = "...my_api_token..."
      }
    }
    include_private_channels = false
    join_channels            = true
    lookback_window          = 7
    start_date               = "2017-01-25T00:00:00Z"
  }
  definition_id = "6f1b8331-df02-45a1-9458-6c7cdfb558f8"
  name          = "Kay Bauch"
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "3d1fcf2b-6755-4110-90ec-6c18f2017e88"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format 2017-01-25T00:00:00Z. Any data before this date will not be replicated.

Optional:

- `channel_filter` (List of String) A channel name list (without leading '#' char) which limit the channels from which you'd like to sync. Empty list means no filter.
- `credentials` (Attributes) Choose how to authenticate into Slack (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `include_private_channels` (Boolean) Whether to read information from private channels that the bot is already in.  If false, only public channels will be read.  If true, the bot must be manually added to private channels. . Default: false
- `join_channels` (Boolean) Whether to join all channels or to sync data only from channels the bot is already in.  If false, you'll need to manually add the bot to all the channels from which you'd like to sync messages. . Default: true
- `lookback_window` (Number) How far into the past to look for messages in threads, default is 0 days. Default: 0

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `api_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--api_token))
- `sign_in_via_slack_o_auth` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--sign_in_via_slack_o_auth))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--api_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.api_token`

Required:

- `api_token` (String, Sensitive) A Slack bot token. See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/slack">docs</a> for instructions on how to generate it.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--sign_in_via_slack_o_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.sign_in_via_slack_o_auth`

Required:

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) Slack access_token. See our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/slack">docs</a> if you need help generating the token.
- `client_id` (String) Slack client_id. See our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/slack">docs</a> if you need help finding this id.
- `client_secret` (String) Slack client_secret. See our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/slack">docs</a> if you need help finding this secret.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_slack.my_airbyte_source_slack ""
```
