---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_google_ads Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceGoogleAds Resource
---

# airbyte_source_google_ads (Resource)

SourceGoogleAds Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_google_ads" "my_source_googleads" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties  = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    conversion_window_days = 14
    credentials = {
      access_token    = "...my_access_token..."
      client_id       = "...my_client_id..."
      client_secret   = "...my_client_secret..."
      developer_token = "...my_developer_token..."
      refresh_token   = "...my_refresh_token..."
    }
    custom_queries_array = [
      {
        query      = "SELECT segments.ad_destination_type, campaign.advertising_channel_sub_type FROM campaign WHERE campaign.status = 'PAUSED'"
        table_name = "...my_table_name..."
      }
    ]
    customer_id = "6783948572,5839201945"
    customer_status_filter = [
      "SUSPENDED"
    ]
    end_date    = "2017-01-30"
    num_workers = 2
    start_date  = "2017-01-25"
  }
  definition_id = "340bf2e2-1dfb-458f-b22d-521448c56250"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "b2e3af36-07c6-4325-9aae-252084b9ca1b"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "253487c0-2246-43ba-a21f-5116b20a2c50"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `conversion_window_days` (Number) A conversion window is the number of days after an ad interaction (such as an ad click or video view) during which a conversion, such as a purchase, is recorded in Google Ads. For more information, see <a href="https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/3123169?hl=en">Google's documentation</a>. Default: 14
- `custom_queries_array` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--custom_queries_array))
- `customer_id` (String) Comma-separated list of (client) customer IDs. Each customer ID must be specified as a 10-digit number without dashes. For detailed instructions on finding this value, refer to our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/google-ads#setup-guide">documentation</a>.
- `customer_status_filter` (List of String) A list of customer statuses to filter on. For detailed info about what each status mean refer to Google Ads <a href="https://developers.google.com/google-ads/api/reference/rpc/v15/CustomerStatusEnum.CustomerStatus">documentation</a>. Default: []
- `end_date` (String) UTC date in the format YYYY-MM-DD. Any data after this date will not be replicated. (Default value of today is used if not set)
- `num_workers` (Number) The number of concurrent workers to use for syncing. Increasing this value may speed up syncs for accounts with many customers or streams. Adjust based on your API usage and rate limits. Default: 3
- `start_date` (String) UTC date in the format YYYY-MM-DD. Any data before this date will not be replicated. (Default value of two years ago is used if not set)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of your Google Ads developer application. For detailed instructions on finding this value, refer to our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/google-ads#setup-guide">documentation</a>.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Client Secret of your Google Ads developer application. For detailed instructions on finding this value, refer to our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/google-ads#setup-guide">documentation</a>.
- `developer_token` (String, Sensitive) The Developer Token granted by Google to use their APIs. For detailed instructions on finding this value, refer to our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/google-ads#setup-guide">documentation</a>.
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) The token used to obtain a new Access Token. For detailed instructions on finding this value, refer to our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/google-ads#setup-guide">documentation</a>.

Optional:

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) The Access Token for making authenticated requests. For detailed instructions on finding this value, refer to our <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/google-ads#setup-guide">documentation</a>.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--custom_queries_array"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.custom_queries_array`

Required:

- `query` (String) A custom defined GAQL query for building the report. Avoid including the segments.date field; wherever possible, Airbyte will automatically include it for incremental syncs. For more information, refer to <a href="https://developers.google.com/google-ads/api/fields/v11/overview_query_builder">Google's documentation</a>.
- `table_name` (String) The table name in your destination database for the chosen query.



<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_google_ads.my_airbyte_source_google_ads
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_google_ads.my_airbyte_source_google_ads "..."
```
