---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_bing_ads Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceBingAds Resource
---

# airbyte_source_bing_ads (Resource)

SourceBingAds Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_bing_ads" "my_source_bingads" {
  configuration = {
    auth_method        = "oauth2.0"
    client_id          = "...my_client_id..."
    client_secret      = "...my_client_secret..."
    developer_token    = "...my_developer_token..."
    lookback_window    = 10
    refresh_token      = "...my_refresh_token..."
    reports_start_date = "2021-03-11"
    source_type        = "bing-ads"
    tenant_id          = "...my_tenant_id..."
  }
  name         = "Rose Hills"
  workspace_id = "0b36f25e-a944-4f3b-b56c-11f6c37a5126"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow.

### Read-Only

- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The Client ID of your Microsoft Advertising developer application.
- `developer_token` (String) Developer token associated with user. See more info <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/get-started?view=bingads-13#get-developer-token"> in the docs</a>.
- `refresh_token` (String) Refresh Token to renew the expired Access Token.
- `reports_start_date` (String) The start date from which to begin replicating report data. Any data generated before this date will not be replicated in reports. This is a UTC date in YYYY-MM-DD format.
- `source_type` (String) must be one of [bing-ads]

Optional:

- `auth_method` (String) must be one of [oauth2.0]
- `client_secret` (String) The Client Secret of your Microsoft Advertising developer application.
- `lookback_window` (Number) Also known as attribution or conversion window. How far into the past to look for records (in days). If your conversion window has an hours/minutes granularity, round it up to the number of days exceeding. Used only for performance report streams in incremental mode.
- `tenant_id` (String) The Tenant ID of your Microsoft Advertising developer application. Set this to "common" unless you know you need a different value.


