---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_news_api Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceNewsAPI Resource
---

# airbyte_source_news_api (Resource)

SourceNewsAPI Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_news_api" "my_source_newsapi" {
  configuration = {
    api_key  = "...my_api_key..."
    category = "sports"
    country  = "ve"
    domains = [
      "..."
    ]
    end_date = "2021-01-01"
    exclude_domains = [
      "..."
    ]
    language = "se"
    search_in = [
      "description"
    ]
    search_query = "+bitcoin OR +crypto"
    sort_by      = "relevancy"
    sources = [
      "..."
    ]
    start_date = "2021-01-01"
  }
  definition_id = "2055c47d-96b3-45fb-b87b-ce89b41640c2"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "0cb04faa-3d4c-4274-9b19-99c077dc3d83"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key

Optional:

- `category` (String) The category you want to get top headlines for. Default: "business"; must be one of ["business", "entertainment", "general", "health", "science", "sports", "technology"]
- `country` (String) The 2-letter ISO 3166-1 code of the country you want to get headlines
for. You can't mix this with the sources parameter.
Default: "us"; must be one of ["ae", "ar", "at", "au", "be", "bg", "br", "ca", "ch", "cn", "co", "cu", "cz", "de", "eg", "fr", "gb", "gr", "hk", "hu", "id", "ie", "il", "in", "it", "jp", "kr", "lt", "lv", "ma", "mx", "my", "ng", "nl", "no", "nz", "ph", "pl", "pt", "ro", "rs", "ru", "sa", "se", "sg", "si", "sk", "th", "tr", "tw", "ua", "us", "ve", "za"]
- `domains` (List of String) A comma-seperated string of domains (eg bbc.co.uk, techcrunch.com,
engadget.com) to restrict the search to.
- `end_date` (String) A date and optional time for the newest article allowed. This should
be in ISO 8601 format.
- `exclude_domains` (List of String) A comma-seperated string of domains (eg bbc.co.uk, techcrunch.com,
engadget.com) to remove from the results.
- `language` (String) The 2-letter ISO-639-1 code of the language you want to get headlines
for. Possible options: ar de en es fr he it nl no pt ru se ud zh.
must be one of ["ar", "de", "en", "es", "fr", "he", "it", "nl", "no", "pt", "ru", "se", "ud", "zh"]
- `search_in` (List of String) Where to apply search query. Possible values are: title, description,
content.
- `search_query` (String) Search query. See https://newsapi.org/docs/endpoints/everything for 
information.
- `sort_by` (String) The order to sort the articles in. Possible options: relevancy,
popularity, publishedAt.
Default: "publishedAt"; must be one of ["relevancy", "popularity", "publishedAt"]
- `sources` (List of String) Identifiers (maximum 20) for the news sources or blogs you want
headlines from. Use the `/sources` endpoint to locate these
programmatically or look at the sources index:
https://newsapi.com/sources. Will override both country and category.
- `start_date` (String) A date and optional time for the oldest article allowed. This should
be in ISO 8601 format.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_news_api.my_airbyte_source_news_api ""
```
