---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_the_guardian_api Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceTheGuardianAPI Resource
---

# airbyte_source_the_guardian_api (Resource)

SourceTheGuardianAPI Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_the_guardian_api" "my_source_theguardianapi" {
  configuration = {
    api_key    = "...my_api_key..."
    end_date   = "YYYY-MM-DD"
    query      = "environment AND NOT water"
    section    = "media"
    start_date = "YYYY-MM-DD"
    tag        = "environment/recycling"
  }
  definition_id = "b41ed4be-d785-4faf-b482-1fac261be026"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "4d24582c-b7c1-4d05-99b9-d96b62ad290b"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Your API Key. See <a href="https://open-platform.theguardian.com/access/">here</a>. The key is case sensitive.
- `start_date` (String) Use this to set the minimum date (YYYY-MM-DD) of the results. Results older than the start_date will not be shown.

Optional:

- `end_date` (String) (Optional) Use this to set the maximum date (YYYY-MM-DD) of the results. Results newer than the end_date will not be shown. Default is set to the current date (today) for incremental syncs.
- `query` (String) (Optional) The query (q) parameter filters the results to only those that include that search term. The q parameter supports AND, OR and NOT operators.
- `section` (String) (Optional) Use this to filter the results by a particular section. See <a href="https://content.guardianapis.com/sections?api-key=test">here</a> for a list of all sections, and <a href="https://open-platform.theguardian.com/documentation/section">here</a> for the sections endpoint documentation.
- `tag` (String) (Optional) A tag is a piece of data that is used by The Guardian to categorise content. Use this parameter to filter results by showing only the ones matching the entered tag. See <a href="https://content.guardianapis.com/tags?api-key=test">here</a> for a list of all tags, and <a href="https://open-platform.theguardian.com/documentation/tag">here</a> for the tags endpoint documentation.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs. must be one of ["get_spec", "check_connection", "discover_schema", "sync", "reset_connection", "connection_updater", "replicate"]
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_the_guardian_api.my_airbyte_source_the_guardian_api ""
```
