---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_coin_api Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceCoinAPI Resource
---

# airbyte_source_coin_api (Resource)

SourceCoinAPI Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_coin_api" "my_source_coinapi" {
  configuration = {
    api_key     = "...my_api_key..."
    end_date    = "2019-01-01T00:00:00"
    environment = "sandbox"
    limit       = 39021
    period      = "5SEC"
    start_date  = "2019-01-01T00:00:00"
    symbol_id   = "...my_symbol_id..."
  }
  definition_id = "bddfa872-3b12-4feb-a665-3aa5aa88bcb2"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "0929de6e-00e3-4d8c-81a1-849a2ab68cdb"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API Key
- `period` (String) The period to use. See the documentation for a list. https://docs.coinapi.io/#list-all-periods-get
- `start_date` (String) The start date in ISO 8601 format.
- `symbol_id` (String) The symbol ID to use. See the documentation for a list. https://docs.coinapi.io/#list-all-symbols-get

Optional:

- `end_date` (String) The end date in ISO 8601 format. If not supplied, data will be returned from the start date to the current time, or when the count of result elements reaches its limit.
- `environment` (String) The environment to use. Either sandbox or production. Default: "sandbox"; must be one of ["sandbox", "production"]
- `limit` (Number) The maximum number of elements to return. If not supplied, the default is 100. For numbers larger than 100, each 100 items is counted as one request for pricing purposes. Maximum value is 100000. Default: 100


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_coin_api.my_airbyte_source_coin_api
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_coin_api.my_airbyte_source_coin_api "..."
```
