---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_plausible Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourcePlausible Resource
---

# airbyte_source_plausible (Resource)

SourcePlausible Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_plausible" "my_source_plausible" {
  configuration = {
    api_key    = "...my_api_key..."
    api_url    = "https://plausible.example.com/api/v1/stats"
    site_id    = "airbyte.com"
    start_date = "YYYY-MM-DD"
  }
  definition_id = "937af74f-fa25-43ac-a8a4-b4cb2a71cff5"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "fc6bfb72-cbc1-4b9e-9a77-cf31c792e631"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Plausible API Key. See the <a href="https://plausible.io/docs/stats-api">docs</a> for information on how to generate this key.
- `site_id` (String) The domain of the site you want to retrieve data for. Enter the name of your site as configured on Plausible, i.e., excluding "https://" and "www". Can be retrieved from the 'domain' field in your Plausible site settings.

Optional:

- `api_url` (String) The API URL of your plausible instance. Change this if you self-host plausible. The default is https://plausible.io/api/v1/stats
- `start_date` (String) Start date for data to retrieve, in ISO-8601 format.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs. must be one of ["get_spec", "check_connection", "discover_schema", "sync", "reset_connection", "connection_updater", "replicate"]
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_plausible.my_airbyte_source_plausible ""
```
