---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_facebook_marketing Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceFacebookMarketing Resource
---

# airbyte_source_facebook_marketing (Resource)

SourceFacebookMarketing Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_facebook_marketing" "my_source_facebookmarketing" {
  configuration = {
    access_token = "...my_access_token..."
    account_ids = [
      "..."
    ]
    action_breakdowns_allow_empty = true
    ad_statuses = [
      "ADSET_PAUSED"
    ]
    adset_statuses = [
      "IN_PROCESS"
    ]
    campaign_statuses = [
      "PAUSED"
    ]
    client_id     = "...my_client_id..."
    client_secret = "...my_client_secret..."
    credentials = {
      authenticate_via_facebook_marketing_oauth = {
        access_token  = "...my_access_token..."
        client_id     = "...my_client_id..."
        client_secret = "...my_client_secret..."
      }
    }
    custom_insights = [
      {
        action_breakdowns = [
          "action_reaction"
        ]
        action_report_time = "impression"
        breakdowns = [
          "media_destination_url"
        ]
        end_date = "2017-01-26T00:00:00Z"
        fields = [
          "cost_per_result"
        ]
        insights_job_timeout     = 50
        insights_lookback_window = 9
        level                    = "account"
        name                     = "...my_name..."
        start_date               = "2017-01-25T00:00:00Z"
        time_increment           = 33
      }
    ]
    default_ads_insights_action_breakdowns = [
      "action_type"
    ]
    end_date                 = "2017-01-26T00:00:00Z"
    fetch_thumbnail_images   = false
    insights_job_timeout     = 55
    insights_lookback_window = 9
    page_size                = 7
    start_date               = "2017-01-25T00:00:00Z"
  }
  definition_id = "efac1af8-dd35-4940-8819-0027d27f358d"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "1c443315-5b54-4630-ad55-2f2c6821ece4"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Default: "e7778cfc-e97c-4458-9ecb-b4f2bba8946c"; Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `account_ids` (List of String) The Facebook Ad account ID(s) to pull data from. The Ad account ID number is in the account dropdown menu or in your browser's address bar of your <a href="https://adsmanager.facebook.com/adsmanager/">Meta Ads Manager</a>. See the <a href="https://www.facebook.com/business/help/1492627900875762">docs</a> for more information.
- `credentials` (Attributes) Credentials for connecting to the Facebook Marketing API (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))

Optional:

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) The value of the generated access token. From your App’s Dashboard, click on "Marketing API" then "Tools". Select permissions <b>ads_management, ads_read, read_insights, business_management</b>. Then click on "Get token". See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/facebook-marketing">docs</a> for more information.
- `action_breakdowns_allow_empty` (Boolean) Allows action_breakdowns to be an empty list
- `ad_statuses` (List of String) Select the statuses you want to be loaded in the stream. If no specific statuses are selected, the API's default behavior applies, and some statuses may be filtered out. Default: []
- `adset_statuses` (List of String) Select the statuses you want to be loaded in the stream. If no specific statuses are selected, the API's default behavior applies, and some statuses may be filtered out. Default: []
- `campaign_statuses` (List of String) Select the statuses you want to be loaded in the stream. If no specific statuses are selected, the API's default behavior applies, and some statuses may be filtered out. Default: []
- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) The Client Id for your OAuth app
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Client Secret for your OAuth app
- `custom_insights` (Attributes List) A list which contains ad statistics entries, each entry must have a name and can contains fields, breakdowns or action_breakdowns. Click on "add" to fill this field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--custom_insights))
- `default_ads_insights_action_breakdowns` (List of String) Action breakdowns for the Built-in Ads Insights stream that will be used in the request. You can override default values or remove them to make it empty if needed. Default: ["action_type","action_target_id","action_destination"]
- `end_date` (String) The date until which you'd like to replicate data for all incremental streams, in the format YYYY-MM-DDT00:00:00Z. All data generated between the start date and this end date will be replicated. Not setting this option will result in always syncing the latest data.
- `fetch_thumbnail_images` (Boolean) Set to active if you want to fetch the thumbnail_url and store the result in thumbnail_data_url for each Ad Creative. Default: false
- `insights_job_timeout` (Number) Insights Job Timeout establishes the maximum amount of time (in minutes) of waiting for the report job to complete. When timeout is reached the job is considered failed and we are trying to request smaller amount of data by breaking the job to few smaller ones. If you definitely know that 60 minutes is not enough for your report to be processed then you can decrease the timeout value, so we start breaking job to smaller parts faster. Default: 60
- `insights_lookback_window` (Number) The attribution window. Facebook freezes insight data 28 days after it was generated, which means that all data from the past 28 days may have changed since we last emitted it, so you can retrieve refreshed insights from the past by setting this parameter. If you set a custom lookback window value in Facebook account, please provide the same value here. Default: 28
- `page_size` (Number) Page size used when sending requests to Facebook API to specify number of records per page when response has pagination. Most users do not need to set this field unless they specifically need to tune the connector to address specific issues or use cases. Default: 100
- `start_date` (String) The date from which you'd like to replicate data for all incremental streams, in the format YYYY-MM-DDT00:00:00Z. If not set then all data will be replicated for usual streams and only last 2 years for insight streams.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `authenticate_via_facebook_marketing_oauth` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_via_facebook_marketing_oauth))
- `service_account_key_authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--service_account_key_authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--authenticate_via_facebook_marketing_oauth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.authenticate_via_facebook_marketing_oauth`

Required:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) Client ID for the Facebook Marketing API
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client Secret for the Facebook Marketing API

Optional:

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) The value of the generated access token. From your App’s Dashboard, click on "Marketing API" then "Tools". Select permissions <b>ads_management, ads_read, read_insights, business_management</b>. Then click on "Get token". See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/facebook-marketing">docs</a> for more information.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--service_account_key_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.service_account_key_authentication`

Required:

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) The value of the generated access token. From your App’s Dashboard, click on "Marketing API" then "Tools". Select permissions <b>ads_management, ads_read, read_insights, business_management</b>. Then click on "Get token". See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/facebook-marketing">docs</a> for more information.



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--custom_insights"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.custom_insights`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name value of insight

Optional:

- `action_breakdowns` (List of String) A list of chosen action_breakdowns for action_breakdowns. Default: []
- `action_report_time` (String) Determines the report time of action stats. For example, if a person saw the ad on Jan 1st but converted on Jan 2nd, when you query the API with action_report_time=impression, you see a conversion on Jan 1st. When you query the API with action_report_time=conversion, you see a conversion on Jan 2nd. must be one of ["conversion", "impression", "mixed"]
- `breakdowns` (List of String) A list of chosen breakdowns for breakdowns. Default: []
- `end_date` (String) The date until which you'd like to replicate data for this stream, in the format YYYY-MM-DDT00:00:00Z. All data generated between the start date and this end date will be replicated. Not setting this option will result in always syncing the latest data.
- `fields` (List of String) A list of chosen fields for fields parameter. Default: []
- `insights_job_timeout` (Number) The insights job timeout. Default: 60
- `insights_lookback_window` (Number) The attribution window. Default: 28
- `level` (String) Chosen level for API. Default: "ad"; must be one of ["ad", "adset", "campaign", "account"]
- `start_date` (String) The date from which you'd like to replicate data for this stream, in the format YYYY-MM-DDT00:00:00Z.
- `time_increment` (Number) Time window in days by which to aggregate statistics. The sync will be chunked into N day intervals, where N is the number of days you specified. For example, if you set this value to 7, then all statistics will be reported as 7-day aggregates by starting from the start_date. If the start and end dates are October 1st and October 30th, then the connector will output 5 records: 01 - 06, 07 - 13, 14 - 20, 21 - 27, and 28 - 30 (3 days only). The minimum allowed value for this field is 1, and the maximum is 89. Default: 1



<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_facebook_marketing.my_airbyte_source_facebook_marketing
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_facebook_marketing.my_airbyte_source_facebook_marketing "..."
```
