---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_file Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceFile Resource
---

# airbyte_source_file (Resource)

SourceFile Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_file" "my_source_file" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    dataset_name          = "...my_dataset_name..."
    format                = "csv"
    provider = {
      az_blob_azure_blob_storage = {
        sas_token       = "...my_sas_token..."
        shared_key      = "...my_shared_key..."
        storage_account = "...my_storage_account..."
      }
    }
    reader_options = "{}"
    url            = "https://storage.googleapis.com/covid19-open-data/v2/latest/epidemiology.csv"
  }
  definition_id = "a86f29c4-a6d3-472d-a3d8-9e8b8db9cd49"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "6c152f5f-2668-4edb-bbeb-b6add70adfbc"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `dataset_name` (String) The Name of the final table to replicate this file into (should include letters, numbers dash and underscores only).
- `provider` (Attributes) The storage Provider or Location of the file(s) which should be replicated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--provider))
- `url` (String) The URL path to access the file which should be replicated.

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `format` (String) The Format of the file which should be replicated (Warning: some formats may be experimental, please refer to the docs). Default: "csv"; must be one of ["csv", "json", "jsonl", "excel", "excel_binary", "fwf", "feather", "parquet", "yaml"]
- `reader_options` (String) This should be a string in JSON format. It depends on the chosen file format to provide additional options and tune its behavior.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.provider`

Optional:

- `az_blob_azure_blob_storage` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--provider--az_blob_azure_blob_storage))
- `gcs_google_cloud_storage` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--provider--gcs_google_cloud_storage))
- `https_public_web` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--provider--https_public_web))
- `s3_amazon_web_services` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--provider--s3_amazon_web_services))
- `scp_secure_copy_protocol` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--provider--scp_secure_copy_protocol))
- `sftp_secure_file_transfer_protocol` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--provider--sftp_secure_file_transfer_protocol))
- `ssh_secure_shell` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--provider--ssh_secure_shell))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--provider--az_blob_azure_blob_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.provider.az_blob_azure_blob_storage`

Required:

- `storage_account` (String) The globally unique name of the storage account that the desired blob sits within. See <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-account-overview" target="_blank">here</a> for more details.

Optional:

- `sas_token` (String) To access Azure Blob Storage, this connector would need credentials with the proper permissions. One option is a SAS (Shared Access Signature) token. If accessing publicly available data, this field is not necessary.
- `shared_key` (String) To access Azure Blob Storage, this connector would need credentials with the proper permissions. One option is a storage account shared key (aka account key or access key). If accessing publicly available data, this field is not necessary.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--provider--gcs_google_cloud_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.provider.gcs_google_cloud_storage`

Optional:

- `service_account_json` (String) In order to access private Buckets stored on Google Cloud, this connector would need a service account json credentials with the proper permissions as described <a href="https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts" target="_blank">here</a>. Please generate the credentials.json file and copy/paste its content to this field (expecting JSON formats). If accessing publicly available data, this field is not necessary.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--provider--https_public_web"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.provider.https_public_web`

Optional:

- `user_agent` (Boolean) Add User-Agent to request. Default: false


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--provider--s3_amazon_web_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.provider.s3_amazon_web_services`

Optional:

- `aws_access_key_id` (String) In order to access private Buckets stored on AWS S3, this connector would need credentials with the proper permissions. If accessing publicly available data, this field is not necessary.
- `aws_secret_access_key` (String) In order to access private Buckets stored on AWS S3, this connector would need credentials with the proper permissions. If accessing publicly available data, this field is not necessary.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--provider--scp_secure_copy_protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.provider.scp_secure_copy_protocol`

Required:

- `host` (String)
- `user` (String)

Optional:

- `password` (String)
- `port` (String) Default: "22"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--provider--sftp_secure_file_transfer_protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.provider.sftp_secure_file_transfer_protocol`

Required:

- `host` (String)
- `user` (String)

Optional:

- `password` (String)
- `port` (String) Default: "22"


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--provider--ssh_secure_shell"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.provider.ssh_secure_shell`

Required:

- `host` (String)
- `user` (String)

Optional:

- `password` (String)
- `port` (String) Default: "22"




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_file.my_airbyte_source_file
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_file.my_airbyte_source_file "..."
```
