---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_okta Resource - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceOkta Resource
---

# airbyte_source_okta (Resource)

SourceOkta Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_source_okta" "my_source_okta" {
  configuration = {
    additional_properties = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
    credentials = {
      o_auth20 = {
        client_id     = "...my_client_id..."
        client_secret = "...my_client_secret..."
        refresh_token = "...my_refresh_token..."
      }
    }
    domain     = "...my_domain..."
    start_date = "2022-07-22T00:00:00Z"
  }
  definition_id = "f46be10c-3a25-4f20-8c74-e833e35185fb"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  secret_id     = "...my_secret_id..."
  workspace_id  = "15c302ad-971c-4ec5-bc30-ff0c2e400f51"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The values required to configure the source. The schema for this must match the schema return by source_definition_specifications/get for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) Name of the source e.g. dev-mysql-instance.
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `definition_id` (String) The UUID of the connector definition. One of configuration.sourceType or definitionId must be provided. Requires replacement if changed.
- `secret_id` (String) Optional secretID obtained through the public API OAuth redirect flow. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number)
- `resource_allocation` (Attributes) actor or actor definition specific resource requirements. if default is set, these are the requirements that should be set for ALL jobs run for this actor definition. it is overriden by the job type specific configurations. if not set, the platform will use defaults. these values will be overriden by configuration at the connection level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation))
- `source_id` (String)
- `source_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `credentials` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials))
- `domain` (String) The Okta domain. See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/okta">docs</a> for instructions on how to find it.
- `start_date` (String) UTC date and time in the format YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ. Any data before this date will not be replicated.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials`

Optional:

- `api_token` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--api_token))
- `o_auth20` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20))
- `o_auth20_with_private_key` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20_with_private_key))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--api_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.api_token`

Required:

- `api_token` (String, Sensitive) An Okta token. See the <a href="https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/okta">docs</a> for instructions on how to generate it.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.o_auth20`

Required:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) The Client ID of your OAuth application.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Client Secret of your OAuth application.
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) Refresh Token to obtain new Access Token, when it's expired.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--credentials--o_auth20_with_private_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.credentials.o_auth20_with_private_key`

Required:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) The Client ID of your OAuth application.
- `key_id` (String, Sensitive) The key ID (kid).
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The private key in PEM format
- `scope` (String) The OAuth scope.




<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--default))
- `job_specific` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.default`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific`

Read-Only:

- `job_type` (String) enum that describes the different types of jobs that the platform runs.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements))

<a id="nestedatt--resource_allocation--job_specific--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_allocation.job_specific.resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_limit` (String)
- `ephemeral_storage_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = airbyte_source_okta.my_airbyte_source_okta
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import airbyte_source_okta.my_airbyte_source_okta "..."
```
